README

I’ll admit, the break-in footage located within this folder isn’t the best.
(See semifinal folder for best version of it) However, it is the best
footage I have been able to get of them in my home thus far, I only got it
because it was so well hidden and because the intruders did not have
previous knowledge of this particular camera in this case. (That particular
camera wasn’t in my amazon purchase history) This is therefore the first
video I’ve gotten that the intruder’s organized crime gang haven’t been
able to delete all traces of. However I will say I am working on trying to
recover some of the deleted videos from cameras that were better
positioned, I’ll reach back out to you guys if I am able to successfully do
so.

As for where I was when they broke in, it was between October 25, 2021 and
October 29, 2021, they broke in at least 3 separate times. I only ever left
for a maximum of like 2-3 hours or so at a time. One of the times I went to
home depot for instance--which just shows how sophisticated an operation
this is. I’d like to do the final video of this hidden camera break-in
footage in a way which proves that they would have to have had advanced
insight into all my day-to-day operations to even have a chance at pulling
this off in the way they did. (i.e. that proves that hackers and others
were indeed involved) Plus--they broke-in numerous times. They always
delete all of my other better positioned videos. They always try to
discredit me. And they always rub it in afterwards.
Security Cameras

Other video cameras that have no trace of these people ever being in my
house:

2 Ring Videodoorbell Video Cameras - I suspect videos deleted by hackers

3 Arlo Video Cameras - I suspect videos deleted by hackers

3 Lorex cameras unplugged due to them I suspect being hacked through that
nvrs wifi capabilities

3 Reolink cameras unplugged due to them I suspect adding some electronic
bug to the nvr or something when they were in my house the last time which
made them able to view/control them remotely, the last time I reported a
break-in

——-

1 hidden camera is all that remained which they didn’t have prior knowledge
of.

How They Broke In

As for how they broke in this series of break ins--I suspect they broke in
first through my garage by stealing my garage door opener during the eagles
incident I reported previously, when they broke into my car and poisoned me
there. And then they also broke in through my front door this last time by
picking/bumping my locks; once I realized my garage door opener was missing
I disabled it. In the past, they have also been able to break-in to my car,
which has a digital key, hotel rooms, (either by hacking the marriott or by
brute forcing the electronic key) I suspect they got in my safe this last
time, they’ve broken into my home numerous times now in numerous different
ways, etc, etc. They are very sophisticated and technologically advanced
indeed. I am happy to elaborate on how I know this if you’d like.

Motive

As for my brother’s motive, it’s either money reasons, either via my own
personal trust not being set up correctly, (or via some secret life
insurance policy he may have pulled out on me)--or it’s because I’m a first
hand witness simply by being there for both my father’s and sister’s deaths
and seeing how he treated my sister Karie on her deathbed and talking to
him about it thereafter. I guess there could be a jealousy component to it
as well. If you want to dig deeper on all this, when you’ve got a lot of
time, you can look into this other google drive folder i’ve aggregated over
time. It’s pretty unstructured and large right now, I still need to create
a simplified timeline of it, but I have shared the following google drive
folder with you guys previously.
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HVVndeMbrKuNdTOIp39iaTPXBWY-8QrM?usp=sharing
(Don’t focus on all that right now though--focus on this latest series of
break-ins in this google drive folder right now please—just know what I
have alleged has been consistent and if anything it’s been verified over
time)

Nobody seems to know who detective Joseph Escobar is btw, which i find
really odd. He’s the detective I spoke to originally starting around
September 16, 2021 for weeks having to do with all the EMF stuff. (435)
757-5922

So just to be clear, they have broken into my house a lot more than what’s
shown in this hidden camera footage, I just finally put a hidden camera up
because I was getting so frustrated with them always breaking in and
deleting/disabling all of my other camera’s videos.

Please just give me the benefit of doubt and save all of the evidence for
the future, at least until we can figure out what to test everything for
exactly.

Radiation poisoning is something my doctor has actually been considering
diagnosing me with lately tbh, after all of the EMF stuff, so I don’t know
if we could test for that at some point or not? Feel free to contact my
doctor for more information. (See original email for contact information)


I’ve done everything the police have requested of me--and then some. I’ve
got psych tested. I’ve went to the doctor numerous times. I’ve gotten an
MRI. I’ve went to counselors--and the result is I’m perfectly sane. I’ve
even got hidden video camera footage now. Can you please now begin to truly
take all this seriously and help bring all this to an end--pretty
please? Bottom
line is this is not a medical issue--it is very much an organized crime
issue. Once you start looking at it all from the perspective I’ve laid out
then it actually begins to make a whole lot of sense--more sense than
anything tbh.

I’m still working on a fully edited version of these break-in videos with
callouts and time passed callouts and pointing out each individual break-in
and each intruder, etc, so that it is all fully comprehensible and linked
to references from other cameras of exact timing. And I’d like to do it all
in a short and easy to consume manner which I plan to then post to the ring
video doorbell neighbor’s app to notify all of my neighbors.

In the captured hidden camera videos, take a look at how sophisticated and
disciplined the intruders are. They don’t even speak for instance--they
must just strictly communicate over some encrypted messaging app or
something. Notice how they broke in 3 separate times--while I was only just
in town for a bit. Think about what information they’d have to have on me
in order to even have a chance at pulling that off successfully--and
repeatedly. Think about the fact that they tried making it appear as though
they didn’t even break in.

The motive to break-ins matters--it can even lead you to create a criminal
profile based on a book I’ve read. And in this case their motive appears to
be quite sinister from what evidence I have found. Especially when paired
with everything else I’ve reported.

I estimate there were at least 6 people involved in each of these
break-ins, more like 9 people tbh, but I’m being conservative. ~3 people in
my house, ~3 people posted up in strategic locations in their cars looking
out on behalf of the intruders for the coast to be clear outside--despite
my neighbors being on high alert, and then ~3 hackers monitoring my
location in town, deleting my cloud videos, remotely toggling on and off
various things for the intruders, etc, etc. I say this based on past
experiences with this organized crime group. Their motive must be huge to
warrant that many resources in my opinion.

I suspect these guys put poison in my vape juice btw. (Just hear me out--it
was likely some poison bought off of the dark web--which anyone can buy
mind you--there seems to be a societal stigma against poisons--which is
exactly why I suspect they have been so effective for my brother--and if it
is true, people who poison people often end up killing quite a few people
before they are ever caught (like up to 60 or more) --
https://www.ranker.com/list/serial-killers-who-used-poison/ranker-crime --
There might even be a life insurance component to it -- I dunno if you guys
can look up any and all life insurance policies in my name?) The vape juice
poisoning could actually result in me getting lung cancer or something.
Then I receive voicemail messages from a repeat voicemail leaver with heavy
breathing right around the same time, etc--as if to mock me for them
putting something in my vape juice. My brother even vaped before I did—it’s
messed up. But yea, it’s organized crime—that’s what organized crime people
do. See the videos. (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1at0y7dezVZcBkW9Tkm9vqTX8LbTaG6Uh/view?usp=drivesdk
)

I suspect they also tampered with my prescriptions using what I suspect to
be similar poisons bought off the dark web. (The poisons are an educated
guess of mine based on the look, smell, taste, and how they’ve made me feel
after--despite being on my prescriptions and vape juice and whatnot
consistently for years. I actually know it’s some type of poison based on
the first few times they did it, when they used to do it externally more
than anything. Those definitely seemed like they had to be some type of
poison. They seemed like engineered to like soak into your skin and not
wash off, etc. Also based on my brother showing me the dark web previously
and my brother showing me and some friends how you can buy drugs and hitmen
on the dark web, telling us how secure it was, etc, around the time my
sister Karie passed away in December of 2015, etc)

I suspect they also rigged my water heater with one of their electronic
bugs too this last time to make it so it could essentially boil over and
explode on their command while they were in my house—that’s where you see
the intruders in 2 of the clips--and/or so they could gas me in my house
after I turned the pilot light off after having discovered it. This is
actually a pattern--they did something very similar to my furnace the last
break-in I reported—they rigged it so they could gas me. And they rigged my
electricity to emf me previously. (See Screen Shot 2021-11-08 at 5.26.05
PM.png

and
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1K3yLHsNe5shxwpYg9owRfX9oFchr8x7C/view?usp=sharing
and
https://drive.google.com/file/d/17gXvInIwXC6I4Uv8ByWgL0F3A82jxM\_V/view?usp=sharing
)

I suspect they’ve rigged my whole house with electronic bugs--both inside
and outside--all meant to I suspect either find out more information on me
or to aid in killing me. (Either that or it’s all external or in my attic
or the bugs were placed in existing electronics when they were in my house
previously)

Information is power. Ignorance is bliss. Just sayin.

I have finally about secured the funding to hire a professional bug sweeper
I think. I’ll keep you posted once I do hire somebody to bug sweep my
house. It’s quite expensive tbh.

Also just please recognize the fact that these guys constantly try to make
me look bad and/or discredit me--and that they have already corrupted
people through all of their hacking who will also try and make me look bad
or discredit me I have found; or else cover for them. But make no mistake
what is really going on--they are and have been trying to kill me I suspect
and get away with it for some time now--all to protect their leader from me
testifying against him about how I suspect he may have done similar things
to my father and sister--who are now dead btw. (Their leader being my
brother, Dustin Bay, I suspect) My brother denies it, but it’s the cold
hard truth--he’s demonstrated that to me numerous times now. Partly via
“signals” he sends and partly direct communications or indirect
communications. They enjoy letting their victims know who is
responsible--it’s their kryptonite. My kryptonite is my love for my brother
tbh—despite him trying to kill me. My brother is very good at psychology
and manipulation as well btw. He’s also very skilled at premeditating any
given situation it seems.

My brother is the most secure person in terms of security I’ve ever known.
He’s also one of the smartest people I’ve ever known. Therefore this is a
complex case with no smoking guns in sight. So proving all this is indeed
my brother orchestrating everything behind the scenes--might prove
extremely difficult.

When you think about it; the way they are going about doing all this might
actually be one of the smartest ways to kill somebody and get away with it.
Plausible deniability and using weapons that can’t easily be proven as
weapons in an attack. And fine tuning the exact means to the individual so
that their death appears natural, and hiring multiple people to be in on
the attack—while maintaining a distance yourself—now what could be scarier
than that?

As for me, I’m a senior software engineer so I know computers and
technology pretty well myself and even still--these guys have proven they
can hack literally anything and everything over and over again--and they
can hack my whole house and turn it into a giant death trap without my
consent. (See Credentials section below for more on my credentials) Again
there’s no smoking gun--yet--but just try living all of this yourself, it’s
not my prescriptions, I’ve been on the same dose for some time and I’ve
gone without to rule them out and I am quitting them just so they can’t use
them against me anymore. These guys are just extremely sophisticated and
their end game is to kill me and get away with it. So of course they are
going to deny it and try and smear campaign me--even though they are way
worse than me at everything they accuse me of.

I don’t think it’s a prank either; that’s way too much money and resources
devoted to me daily for months on end just for a prank and I still don’t
know what the hell substances they are using to make me feel that way and
at the end of the day they are still breaking the law and making me feel
like they are trying to kill me—at the very least. They may have already
succeeded we just don’t know it yet—that’s what is so scary. Plus, I feel
like I could have died multiple times now if I hadn’t been so vigilant--I
feel I’ve been to within inches of my life at times—what kind of prank is
that? The poisonings are very real, some even pull all my blood from my
extremities. Others make my lymph nodes hurt for days. Others make me feel
wobbly. Others seem to be meant to like discredit me. They seem to use
different kinds of poisons meant to do different things. And they have
adamantly tried to make me like deemed crazy or something--it’s not a
prank. Even though sometimes I wish it was all a prank because I really do
love my brother and I really don’t want to lose any more family members.

Imagine you being in my shoes. You’ve lost half your family. Your brother
has completely ripped your family apart--on both sides. And now he and his
new “people” constantly make it clear to you that they want you dead--that
they are indeed the ones responsible--all the while engineering all their
attacks to try and discredit you and make you look crazy--and they even do
stuff like call you constantly to rub it in afterwards, etc.

It’s a mix between psychological warfare and repeated attempted murder in
my opinion—they aren’t going to stop until they succeed btw. Just imagine
if they get away with all this. How would you feel if you were me? I
imagine you’d feel not very well, like you have let down your family, etc,
if you can’t get the police to actually believe you and take you seriously.
You’d feel extremely concerned about the rest of your living family as
well.

If you guys don’t take me seriously, just imagine how much more carnage
these guys will be able to cause going forward--most people aren’t nearly
as technologically adept as I am and most people would have no idea who is
ultimately behind all this like I do.


As for how hacked I am--the hackers have RAT viruses on all my devices. So
they are able to access anything I am able to access--and then
some--whenever my devices are turned on. Any accounts I’m logged into they
are able to access. I know this from being hacked for so long and from
being a senior software engineer myself, I’ve been able to narrow it down
over time. These guys are extremely good at hacking--I’ve even suspected
they tried hacking you guys--the Logan City Police Department and/or the
Cache County Sheriff's Office recently. (Not sure if they succeeded or
not--but if they did then it doesn’t bode well for me) I noticed you guys
always seem to call on restricted numbers nowadays which is a good thing in
my opinion, it means you guys listened. I suspect these guys will even go
so far as to hack everyone around me to try and intimidate them into not
helping me. (Whether they realize it or not yet) You’d be surprised how
good these guys are at hacking and intimidation and how much hackers in
general can interfere with your life--our lives are extremely digital these
days. All it takes is one or two exploits purchased off of the dark web and
a motive to do some serious damage to a lot of people. A lot of corruption
is rooted in hacking btw. The fact that they haven’t corrupted me after
being on all my devices for so long should speak volumes about me.

My father, Tim Gibbons, used to be a huge supporter of the police
departments around Logan UT. Since this latest push from my brother to tear
down everything my father has built started, including by killing anyone in
his way, including and especially me, I have also rearranged my whole trust
to make it so Cache County Sheriff's Office, Department of Public Safety -
Cyber Division, and the LDS church are some of the beneficiaries on my own
personal trust so that if my brother is able to succeed in killing me,
hopefully you all can continue the fight to make Logan a safer place to
live with my money after I’m gone. (~$115,000/ea) Because I’m completely
outnumbered here. Those are the entities I feel have been the most helpful
throughout all of this. I’d prefer not to have to die to make these
donations however. But I realize investigating all of this isn’t cheap.
(See Amendment Nov 12, 2021 below)

At the end of the day I’m just hoping you guys will continue to aggregate
and document all of the evidence I have been able to actually acquire
throughout all of this, and more than anything--I hope you guys will
continue to give me the benefit of doubt.

My brother is a lot more powerful than I am. But what I have that he
doesn’t have is I am a very humble honest person, and I ultimately have the
truth on my side. I have no motive for turning my brother in other than him
endlessly and relentlessly coming after me--people get killed for money
reasons and/or being witnesses all of the time.

If you think about it, everything I have reported thus far has actually
lined up really freaking well since the very beginning--regardless of how
outlandish it may seem. It’s all designed to appear to make me look crazy
or to be outlandish for a reason--to give these guys the advantage in
killing me. I just report what I see. Thus far though I’ve felt like it’s
mostly been up to me to prove all of this, which just shouldn’t be the way
it is supposed to be. Feel free to speak to my work or my doctor’s office
if you have any further questions on my credibility. But I’ll tell you
right now that my brother is like five steps ahead of you guys, he’s tried
killing me so many times now and discrediting me so many times now for a
reason--because I’m the one person who could actually testify against him
and get him locked up for all the carnage he’s caused over his lifetime.

Killers are driven by all the dominance, power, and control more than
anything from what I read. It’s the only thing that makes them feel
anything at all. These people have definitely dominated and controlled me
lately.

My Credibility

Linked-in (Senior Software Engineer)

https://linkedin.com/in/chase2981

Ng-conf 2021 Speaker (Biggest conference in my domain)

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pFOGVLM62xFJu1OHln7mbzANIU8IOp6n/view?usp=sharing


Property Manager

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1jogSrhTuZNKWmC6YO2tiNoUj39lK4myB?usp=sharing
(Don’t forget to read the comments on any given file)


Daily Occurrences
As of Nov 12, 2021

I believe my brother’s motive might also be as outlined below, I just
discovered it when talking to a legit trust lawyer for the first time
today. (November 12, 2021) Essentially my personal trust referenced above
could actually be invalid at this time. It was originally set up by my
accountant, Paul Gibbons, which is not usually done by an accountant. But
that doesn’t necessarily mean Paul’s intentions were nefarious, but with
how good my brother is at hacking and considering Paul was a lot more
lenient on Dusty taking out money than he ever was on I or my little sister
Taylor--who the hell knows at this point--Paul being a stickler with my
little sister Taylor and I could also be a good thing I guess? I just don’t
want to die without even being able to enjoy hardly any of my inheritance
is all. It sucks when Paul is strict especially when my life is in danger.
But I feel my brother could have easily corrupted/intimidated a lot of the
people around me through hacking and through his organized crime operation
to say the least. (Where there is a will—there is a way—and my brother
definitely has the will to kill me that’s for sure—he’s spent the last 3
years of his life completely devoted to just that pretty much--he doesn’t
even have a real job) Do I think it will stop once I do get my estate in
order—no I don’t. They’ve been trying to kill me if not daily than weekly
for months now—and they tried killing me at least twice before this year
starting in 2019. If anything, this new news might just further incentivize
them to hurry.

Moral of the story is Dusty’s might also be incentivized to kill me even
more now that I have found out my trust may be invalid—just to burn me—he
may or may not have known that all along, which could make it fall back to
my father’s trust and whereas I don’t have any kids, all my assets could
potentially end up going back to Dusty and my little sister Taylor if I
were to die before I’m 35. That’s my fear at least, so I’m going to get on
fixing it.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bjW7vEeCxUUG6lxhESk\_vBLuy65FBzR8/view?usp=sharing

Dusty sent this to me a while ago--it takes on a whole new meaning now.
This could actually be perceived as a threat of dusty saying he’s going to
kill me btw. And of him admitting to killing our father all wrapped in one.
Cuz it’s not Dusty’s money—it’s our fathers money. And the only way to have
Paul transfer money out of my account is if I’m dead. (And/or Paul is
corrupted)

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lKsuVgwIurn8FbpQ1BthGxL1aZiW8XTr/view?usp=sharing
Stuff like this shows you just how far ahead dusty premeditates things.

My brother has given me an indication he’s now in Russia btw, he could just
be trying to mislead me again tho—he lies a lot lately. But the fact that
my brother can remain a threat even if he’s completely busted for trying to
kill me is partly why I’ve been looking into something like witness
protection lately.

I accidentally left my brand new prescriptions in the car when I went in to
speak to the lawyer just today. (Huge mistake given who I’m dealing with
and how they constantly break into all my stuff and follow me) I felt them
EMF me just briefly while I was there as well. They seem to like to let me
know when they are around and/or who is responsible. But yea, I’m now
concerned they could have tampered with my brand new prescriptions as
well—I hope not. I kinda have PTSD now as well tbh, they’ve put me through
a lot recently. It’s partially because they always would take feedback from
what I say to anyone electronically, via all their hacking, and they
fine-tune their attacks each and every time to get better each time. For
instance at first they rigged my furnace to gas me, then I started shutting
the power to my furnace off at night times, then the next time they rigged
my water heater which doesn’t require power. So now I just anticipate them
continuing to tune their attacks like that at this point. Meaning this next
time it’s very possible they could make their poison stuff not smell or
taste at all which could make me not notice it early enough. An overall
parttern they’ve followed over time is I suspect they started externally
with external poisons and then moved to internal poisonings overtime, where
I couldn’t wash it off. (Repeated rinsing with rubbing alcohol was the only
thing I found that could get it off previously, and even then it would
still ooze out of my pours for days) — as of 12/20/2021— I suspect they’ve
now moved back to external poisonings which don’t wash off with rubbing
alcohol/apple cider vinegar and which aren’t immediately apparent you’ve
been attacked — so a better description of their overall pattern is that
they will always fine tune what they are doing at any given time using all
their intel gleaned through all their hacking. (So what they are doing
constantly changes based on their latest intel—a lot of times they’ll
change up what they are doing just to try and make me look bad or to try
and make a statement I have made previously prove false, like going back to
external poisonings after I said in general they seem to be going from
external to internal over time) Now that is something I can say
definitively that they won’t be able to then turn around and try and make
me look bad about, is their methods are always changing based on their
latest intel essentially, to best suit them.. And they constantly exploit
the latest vulnerabilities both in the digital and physical realm.

I hope I’m wrong on them potentially getting in my car today especially
given the news on my trust possibly being invalid as of this moment—but
moral of the story is they aren’t going to stop until dusty is either
locked up or until they succeed in killing me. (I’m getting my trust fixed
like as soon as physically possible btw) But just know I’m now this way for
a reason. Because I’ve been put through a lot--it’s been the hardest
challenge of my life tbh. And to be perfectly clear--I do feel I am right
on most everything I have alleged, even though sometimes I wish it weren’t
so, at least everything that has been consistent and that has withstood the
test of time like my brother killing people. But proving it all in full
beyond a reasonable doubt is another story. Again, I don’t think they are
going to stop until they get caught--I say that with a heavy heart--I’ve
tried everything to get my brother to stop—including offering him one of my
buildings. He seems to just enjoy it or something tbh. He thinks it’s funny
or something. Plus he seems to have plenty of money himself. He thinks life
is just a big game of intelligence it seems.

His real true motive has to be to prevent me from testifying against him;
cuz when you think about it from his perspective, that’s the best evidence
on him I’ve got is my first hand witness testimony.

P.s. Dusty has used acid a lot btw, among other drugs. He’s likely on other
drugs as well now he just lies about it. He used to have headaches all the
time and he said acid was one of the only things that would help with his
headaches. But yea, I fear all the drugs he’s done may have at least in
part made him not perceive reality correctly; he could have just been born
this way, idk, but with that said he’s still just as smart as he used to be
and just as capable at pre-meditating things. Only now he seems to only
enjoy hunting people, that’s the only thing that makes him feel anything at
all it seems.

He’s never been the best influence on me as my older brother just in
general either. Do I want him to be locked up for life? Not necessarily, I
guess we will see. I can’t prove the suspected murders by myself anyways. I
can only point out the patterns and correlations and oddities and what all
has happened either directly to me or directly in front of me.

At the end of the day—I just want him to stop coming after me--as I’ve said
this whole time. But he’s made clear to me time and time again—he’s not
going to stop for anything until he succeeds.


As of Nov 15, 2021

The following shortcut got removed from this folder somehow. My brother
like tries to edit anything I do to try and best suit his agenda. He must
of thought this was too advantageous to me or something. He also tries to
do things like force me to quit my job and force me to stop managing my
properties through all his relentless harassment which always intensifies
at night times. He tries to paint a picture of me which isn't accurate
through his never ending harassment to try and discredit me. He wasn’t able
to corrupt me through hacking so he had to turn to force and torture
instead—and even then he still can’t.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1jogSrhTuZNKWmC6YO2tiNoUj39lK4myB

This above link and all of it’s content is ALL ME btw. $60,000+ in revenue
per year and it’s only November; all those contracts I did myself. All that
property mgmt. Even the fact that I chose the assets I did in the first
place and that I then chose to not sell them and instead rent them out
despite being advised otherwise by my accountant at the time—that was all
me too. I do suspect my accountant could be at least partly under my
brother's influence btw. Because a professional bug sweep is the first
logical step to resolve all of this—and it could even lead to attempted
murder charges if I’m right about my furnace and water heater being
tampered with—which I do believe I am—and yet for some reason my accountant
won’t give me a total of $3500 for even other legitimate causes right now..
Even though I now have the support of doctors, psychiatrists, and hidden
camera footage and even though I couldn’t even sell my house right now
without disclosing the fact that I suspect there may be electronic bugs in
here. Weird right? That’s only one example of many as to why my little
sister and I have wanted to switch trustees for a while now; one of the
bigger examples is Paul actually got fired from Jones Simkins for “not
putting his clients interests first” like a year or so ago now. And that
wasn’t even the first time we suspected Paul might be corrupt either. Only
now we have a good idea as to who may have corrupted him. The hackers keep
trying to interfere with what I type btw, they do that a lot.

I suspect there’s electronic bugs in my home and car. The ones in my car
allow them to track my location in town—even when I don’t bring my phone
with me. The ones on my home control my water heater and control some kind
of gas and control my furnace cuz they straight shut off my water heater's
ability to heat this weekend now for a bit, the knob didn’t even do
anything anymore, as if to punish me or something--after causing it to
almost explode previously—and they always do it at strategic times too.
Like they mess with my nest thermostat all of the time, and they try and
gas me at strategic times through my HVAC/furnace, (I think they installed
that capability during the October 15, 2021 break-in) and then after I
started shutting the power off to my furnace at nights, to avoid getting
gassed while I was asleep,, they started overriding my heat settings to
make it so it won’t even heat my house right before bed even though it’s
supposed to, etc, as if to coerce me to not shut the power to my furnace
off before I go to sleep so that my house will actually heat up; I finally
just resorted to plugging in a space heater in my room tbh.

Plus I’ve suspected there are emf bugs in here and sound causing bugs in
here and location finding bugs in here for some time—I deal with them
pretty much every night--especially nights when I have something important
to do the next day like goto the doctor or go to work. They try and make me
look bad to other key people essentially by emf-ing me or infrasounding me
or causing this obnoxious sound that makes your ears ring and gives you a
headache mainly at night times these days. (They used to do it in the day
too) It’d be nice if we could get a camera facing my house btw, they always
send people out to try and exploit the latest vulnerability given the
latest info they find out through hacking, so they send people out to add
new bugs to my home and or to move them around. I wish I could stop the
hacking then I’d be set—but I can’t cuz it all has to do with low level
vulnerabilities in like the router and operating system software which I
know very little about—vulnerabilities that companies like Apple aren’t
even aware of yet. They take over my router and then they hack my whole
network using some hacking AI essentially, is what I’ve narrowed it down
to. Well that and they can push malicious updates to your phone just by
being in proximity.

Demo of hacking AI that takes over your modem and downloads a new malicious
configuration file which then proceeds to infect the rest of your network:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1flKpaW9mCHB3x6zEB7Ut\_qgVnx922kAq/view?usp=sharing

They literally try and kill me pretty much every single day these days,
whether you hear it from me or not, both with all the electronic bugs and
by breaking into my car, etc, following me to walmart and having these 2
girls who were dressed up all funny clearly to hide their identities dump
this liquid substance on my hoodie’s hood while walking behind me—meant to
get on the back of my neck while i was in there—which it did, etc, etc
(those are just 2 examples in the last 3 days--not to mention all the stuff
they do when they constantly break-in my house--I finally just resorted to
a ton of hidden cameras tbh)—and then they try and make my life completely
miserable in the meantime in whatever way possible.. It’s not random—it’s
all based on dominance and control and painting a picture like I said. It
always gets better or worse depending on whether I do something my brother
likes or not or whether my brother is throwing something in my face or not.
And he’s not going to like this.. But it’s all aimed at ultimately killing
me and getting away with it. It’s like Charles Manson but times 10 tbh.

I’ve got to figure out what else he’s changed/removed in here now..

As of Nov 16, 2021

Added my electricity bill summary, added more detailed versions of my
conversations with co-workers, added some more comments on my buildium
property mgmt stuff.

Electricity bill comparison:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Yd34\_BI9O8m-dMyDpA7uWxxBqdRq8oPV/view?usp=sharing

I now have a roll-over will in place that is validated by a legit trust
attorney btw. It rolls everything that I have stake in that is unaccounted
for over to my trust when I die. I’m a little suspicious as to why my
accountant didn’t know that trusts require things to be added into them and
therefore in order for the trust he set up for me to be valid with the bulk
of my assets--then my father’s trust would have essentially had to had been
made to be owned by my own personal trust--which Paul obviously never did
that. And therefore my own personal trust was invalid for all this time.
I’m a little suspicious as to why Paul didn’t know that to begin
with--because he should have known that. He actually told me that about my
house needing to be added to it—I just figured he was going to take care of
the trust part of it himself somehow. But nope.

My accountant, Paul Gibbons, is a good guy at heart, I think my brother is
just evil as hell and might have corrupted him or something. I wouldn’t
want to be put through what I’m going through either if I were a third
party looking in. I can now see how good people can become corrupted
though, in numerous different ways tbh. I think that’s why I stuck with
Paul for as long as I did though is because I received mixed signals from
him whereas I do think he is more or less a good person at heart. However
then there’s all the other shady stuff too, which I think at least in part
is my brother or someone exerting corruption onto him. As for my brother, I
mean I used to get the sense he was a good person but not anymore. I
haven’t gotten that sense for some time now from him.

Working on switching trustees now tbh. We will just have to wait and see
what happens. It was so difficult this last distribution request to get
Paul to approve it despite him acting like he agrees with me about Dusty.
It’s as if I’m asking my brother for money sometimes it seems.

Oddly enough, the trust lawyer I did end up connecting up with, when going
down the list of trust lawyers in Logan UT, I guess he’s actually
representing another client in a case against Paul already.

Lastly, I found out my rental house value had legit doubled in value since
my last overall worth calculations. Which if residential real estate is any
indication of how commercial is doing—I now believe my trust could be worth
up to $2 million instead of $1 million. Meaning I haven’t pulled out
anything yet really if you look at it that way—if anything I’ve made my dad
money. And so again, it’s odd I face such opposition to such reasonable
distribution requests which could literally be the difference between life
and death for me. I’ve been like just barely getting by this whole time too
because I elected to stay in Logan instead of going to a new job I got an
offer from this last March, the new job paid approximately double what I’m
making currently. I decided to stay at rent dynamics though partly because
of my employee retainment program vesting in October, which entailed
ownership in a hotel in West Valley that I’ve now procured. And partly
because I was afraid of losing connections and being left more vulnerable
to Dusty.

Which the Dusty part of my calculation definitely ended up coming to
fruition—staying at rent dynamics hasn’t been quite as advantageous as I
thought it might be to combat being more vulnerable to Dusty through my
connections though—if anything money is turning out to be key—because
everyone seems to just fear retaliation from Dusty after seeing all that he
does to me—which makes it so few are willing to actually help me and it
makes it so I’d almost prefer others to not get involved for their own
safety. (I don’t blame them—it sucks what he is doing to me—and I didn’t
even do anything to him) But I just ask people not add to the psychological
warfare/attempted murder campaigns being raged against me.

Anyways, what I’m getting at is my brother dusty is clearly wealthy as hell
now—like it’s pretty unbelievable tbh. He’s like rolling in dark money it
seems. And thus far I’ve been completely hamstrung myself in terms of money
in fighting back. Which just puts the advantage that much more on Dusty and
makes it that much harder for me; I hope to fix that part next
however—because I really need at least some money just to keep up with all
his attacks against me, and continue to try and defend against them, etc.
Who knows, maybe I’ll even get enough money to do an electronic bug
sweep—which could change everything tbh.
As of Nov 18, 2021

I’ve now secured the funding for a professional bug sweep scheduled for
Monday.

I am a little concerned they might have gotten in my house again on
November 16th, 2021, having known this.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1mh6qOrRLvwH5TBWkMQmGXrXRSi23oY6-?usp=sharing


As of Nov 20, 2021

I suspect they broke into my car today and stole my keys. I suspect it
happened when I was in the Home Depot for only like ten minutes, but yea
they stole my keychain along with all of my keys. (I had two pairs of car
keys on me at the time) I couldn’t even get back into my house when I
returned home.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1DjMvSosYzbVGZyJmn36qerDSPErQ5vQk?usp=sharing



As of November 22, 2021

Bug sweep

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-3uwLSYouTmeEgRUdch86RrlTeA0lPZt


As of November 24, 2021

I suspect they locked me out of my 1Password today. Meaning they likely
have access to all of my passwords. Luckily they had already changed up my
2-factor auth settings on my 1Password fairly recently, which I was lucky
enough to find a way around, and so I took a backup of all my passwords at
that time just as a precaution whereas they literally showed me they had
full control of my account at that time pretty much—in order to be able to
completely invalidate my 2-factor auth settings and swap them out for
something else like that. The only way past it this time however is by
starting a whole new account—and even then I know I won’t be able to keep
them out.

As of November 26, 2021

Do you want to know how I know I'm right in all of this? Let me tell you
how. It's because one thing I accuse these guys of always leads to the
next. (It all fits a pattern essentially) For instance, I've been accusing
them of emf-ing me and infrasounding me mainly at night times correct? So I
finally figured out that lead is one of the best ways to stop all that; (
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ZKBa9\_C6ZBHi1eUtjAKme6tVSIpj7hMm?usp=sharing)
just like in an X-ray vest--I've already tried everything else pretty much
besides water/concrete, as shown below. (
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ZKBa9\_C6ZBHi1eUtjAKme6tVSIpj7hMm?usp=sharing)
So what did I order seems they always specifically try and target my brain
at nights? That's right, I ordered a lead x-ray cap for sleeping to try and
block their attempts at giving me brain cancer. Why are they trying to give
me brain cancer? Because that's a pretty darn good excuse for my brother to
use to dismiss all my allegations against him at a later date, assuming
they fail at getting others to believe it’s all in my head before then.
Plus I have commented to my brother previously worried about him
potentially having holes in his brain from all the drugs he's done
previously--and he took offense to it--even though I was honestly being
sincere at the time and I was honestly just worried about him needing help
at the time. So them trying to give me brain cancer goes right along with
all that. And if you remember correctly, you'll recall I also told you
these guys stole my keychain out of my car the other day--with all my keys
on it--including my mailbox key. Well guess what is missing today? All my
mail was missing--my mailbox was completely empty and I haven't gotten my
mail for days. This kind of thing is all my brother does in life--he just
tries his best to make others' lives miserable all the time and get away
with it. He plans it all out strategically and it's his day job
essentially--he has no other real job. This is his job. Remember how I said
they always rub it in afterwards? Them stealing my mail now is yet another
form of them rubbing it in. Mail theft is nothing to these guys, nor is
burglary, theft in general, breaking and entering, trespassing, pulling
guns on me, hacking, witness tampering--all that is nothing to them. Which
also shows just how sinister they really are. I personally believe murder
is nothing to them. These guys are seriously no joke at the very least and
I swear to god some of the neighbors are among them—the evidence seems to
suggest that. (See kid videos folder, (
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1u5IDbtDskD\_X8bowDJAY9ukE-xuI5MlS?usp=sharing
) in addition to them deleting videos of some of the neighbors kids the
night we celebrated Halloween--they deleted the videos which corresponded
to oddities I experienced that night and the next day after having texted
my brother, etc--that child abuser’s kids were actually the first to come
to my house trick or treating this year--that video is gone as well) I
don't know who they are or what cult they belong to, I have my suspicions,
but all I know is they will lie about their involvement in this like any
good criminal would and I know they are all affiliated with my brother
somehow, my brother Dustin Bay; and I suspect my brother wants me dead cuz
he lets me know in one way or another literally daily.

My other brother Michael Thompson, who has been a cop his whole life,
actually believes me to a certain degree and he actually warned me to be
careful or else I could be held responsible myself. (Which is scary) So I
like have to walk this fine line which isn't easy. All I'm saying is do not
underestimate these guys' abilities and their willingness to do harm to
others. I am working on moving btw like I said however my brother did his
homework prior to coming after me--he hacks everyone around me--which makes
it that much harder for me to go anywhere without them knowing about it.

For instance, my accountant could be hacked as well, I’m not sure, but if I
wanted to play it safe then it would be wise for me not to go anywhere--at
least until I switch accountants. Also, I find it odd that they haven't
really messed with my house lately but they've messed with literally
everything else away from my house. Like I asked the police to put up a
camera facing my house and I don't know if they did or not. But based on
these guys seemingly staying away from my house lately I'd almost guess
that the police finally did put up a camera somewhere. (But that's just a
guess—it could be my added protection inside as well which has caused them
to stay away more now) All I'm saying is these guys could even have
advanced insight into what the police are doing even--either through the
neighbors, wittingly or unwittingly through all their hacking, or else
through hacking the police department itself--that's what these guys are
capable of.

These things that have been happening alone that I have been able to
actually prove show a certain level of sophistication. But yea, if anyone
has any advice for me in all of this I'd love to hear it. Because my
options really aren't that great any way you look at it. They use
vulnerabilities that companies like Apple and whatnot don't even know about
yet--meaning it's almost impossible for even senior software engineers like
myself to keep them off my devices--let alone average joes. I initially
felt like my role was to bust my brother and provide enough evidence to
bring him to justice, but I've since realized my best evidence on him is my
first hand witness testimony, and therefore if I really want to ultimately
assist in holding my brother accountable for what he's done to who knows
how many people--I need to stay alive for as long as possible. P.s. if I
can't keep them out--there's no way in hell others who are less skilled at
technology than me will be able to do so. They are so good at hacking it's
unbelievable tbh. That's also what makes it tough it's like I can't even
communicate with anyone anymore or else I risk spreading these guys'
malware to other people which they will then ultimately try and use the
people around me/their accounts against me. (By doing the same thing as
they do to me, deleting their videos to try and make me look crazy,
monitoring them and whether or not they are home at any given time just
like with me, etc, trying to corrupt them against me, etc, etc--the only
difference is the ultimate target is me--at this time at least--like they
would actually stop after me tho lol--yea right--they seem to have done
this a time or two before if you ask me)

I'm working on getting out of here btw. I just got a few things I need to
take care of first. It's almost as if I have to ditch all technology
entirely, and with that my career, and stop talking to everyone i know
pretty much in order to even have a chance at truly getting away from them.
Because all the hacking really is the key. That's what allows them to do
this kind of stuff and get away with it. All they do is exploit
vulnerabilities--both physically and digitally. I wish I could have just
had a normal brother. From here on out I'll just keep updating this google
drive folder so as to avoid texting ppl all the time cuz I know all it does
psychologically is make me be associated with bad stuff in peoples
minds--when in reality I'm just telling others all the bad stuff these guys
are doing to me. (Cuz I don't want them to be able to continue doing all
this stuff to others and get away with it) And because I don't want to
spread any of their malware. So from now on if you want to know what's
going on with me, just look here: https://bit.ly/cwg-police-videos

Happy thanksgiving all, wish me luck in all this. Thank you again for being
good neighbors. Now it's time for me to be a good neighbor and leave.
(Although from no fault of my own, I hope you'll at least recognize that in
looking back on all this, if nothing else)

Keep an eye out for any vehicles/neighbors with vehicles who have new car
license plates more often than one might typically expect. That seems to be
a strategy of this group of people is to drive new cars with new car
license plates I’ve noticed. If I had to paint a profile from everything
I've seen, there are at least two different categories of people in this
criminal organization. There's like the grunt workers, who typically have
cars that aren't as nice and there really isn't any pattern I have seen to
be able differentiate the grunt peoples cars other than they might park in
strange locations, they might come and park somewhere then leave or get
picked up, etc. And a lot of them seem to be Mexican or have troubled
pasts—but not all of them.

Then there are like the higher up people, some of which I suspect are
actually our neighbors. And among the higher up people I've noticed a lot
of them have tinted windows and/or new car license plates. Like this
neighbor to the south west of me I've seen his white ford truck a lot
during suspicious times lately and I think he may have even been wearing
shorts similar to the shorts seen in the break in videos when he jumped out
to talk to me today. In reality I kinda blocked him when I returned home
because I was trying to get his license plates, you know just because I’ve
seen that truck before during suspicious times as I’ve said, but it makes
it hard when their license plates are all handwritten and/or behind tinted
glass, etc. (it could be a deliberate strategy is all I'm saying, to have
plates that are hard to read like that) He even asked me how I knew that
about the license plates, I told him just from observation. But yea, he
said he lives just down the street and it wasn’t him, so take that for what
it’s worth. Anyways, those are two of the profiles or patterns I have
identified thus far with these guys. I can't wait until it snows tbh--I
hope it snows like crazy this year.


As of November 27, 2021

Bug sweep part 2

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1-AzHJ5Hymce27PnE2E4jL4AIyeVUok\_H



As of November 29, 2021

What they are doing to me I suspect is called “gangstalking” btw. (
https://books.google.com/books?id=6SIhEAAAQBAJ&pg=PT3&lpg=PT3&dq=mobbing+emf&source=bl&ots=HUR8BAelOW&sig=ACfU3U0FI7TrhCJjuTJ8g2vBnXtkqchLkg&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwi9lbHN3MrzAhWonGoFHbwbBc8Q6AF6BAgUEAM#v=onepage&q=mobbing%20emf&f=false
)
The purpose of “gangstalking” is to discredit an individual and to be able
to kill an individual who already knows the truth essentially—and still get
away with it. It can only be pulled off by those skilled in hacking and
those skilled in psychology and/or those with enough money and resources to
be able to devote to it. But it is the best way to go if you are faced with
someone who knows the truth and that truth is inconvenient to you. (I.e.
the truth which that person knows could very well lead to you possibly
facing some serious prison time—if gone unchecked) If you lookup
gangstalking, you’ll find there is mixed signals on it online. Like some
resources say it’s legit and lay out essentially what it is and why it’s
used. Other resources say that it is completely insane. But the thing is,
if you look at it logically. Who are the perpetrators of any would be
gangstalking, by it’s own definition? They would have to be people with a
lot of money whom are skilled in both computers/hacking, (which is the best
way to get advanced insight into the target individuals these days—advanced
insight is by definition required for gangstalking) and they would also
have to be skilled in psychology whereas the whole point of gangstalking is
to discredit the individuals and make them appear crazy in the public
domain. Therefore it makes sense why there are some comments out there
saying individuals who think they are being gangstalked are really just
nuts. Cuz for one those comments were likely left by people who actually
benefit from gangstalking, people who are by definition skilled with
hacking and by definition—know the power of psychology and public
perception, and for two, if you really believe in gangstalking like I now
do—do you really think people like me would want to risk potentially
pissing off other gangstalking operations by combating all their negative
commentary on gangstalking publicly? I don’t think so. At least for me;
it’s in my best interest to only have one gangstalking crew after me at one
time lol. So it actually makes sense why there are differing opinions on
the subject out there in my view. (Another good book on gangstalking and
how friends and family members should treat me to increase the odds of
successful litigation later:
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07BX97GW6/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?\_encoding=UTF8&btkr=1
)

There is documented evidence that gangstalking is indeed real and it is
indeed highly effective; just look up the church of Scientology and how
they successfully used “gangstalking” against IRS agents to get the United
States government to back down from further prosecuting them essentially.
The bug sweep guy told me that.


------

Today is my brother’s birthday. I’ve been working on making some
improvements as discussed with Tom from Tom Ham investigations. I got new
mereco locks and I’ve been putting all my cameras in the eves.

Check it out, I did this scan of the surrounding wireless networks last
night and look at all these wireless networks--these did not show up when
Tom was here.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Z0w4ZZxO2sZAxksb2XJ2iCSRq53XQI61?usp=sharing

Also check out all the open ports I have on all my devices--it’s insane.
The iphone of which, I just reset it literally yesterday. All of those open
ports aren’t normal btw. And there is no real way for me to close them
because as you can see they obviously control my router through all the
open ports on it.

New counter measures:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1zogk49Oj6S5LThr1zGl5x5zWRM9w5jAH?usp=sharing

I find it odd that my brother will go extra hard on me on days like my
birthday then he gives me a break on his birthday only to ramp up the
pressure again later. By ramping up the pressure I mean he’ll hit me with
ever more intense directed energy beams. 228+ EF for instance.


As of December 7, 2021

I’ve been having new abnormal feelings in my lungs recently which is
concerning—especially when considering all that I stated previously about
how I suspect the attackers put something in my vape juice previously. I
hope my body is able to overcome whatever it may be.

I added this new photo of one of my latest readings from my emf
reader—which demonstrates my emf complaints are in fact legitimate and my
complaints are definitely from something that is external in nature, at the
very least.. (999 EF reading at its peak —they completely maxed it out
overnight) This reading wouldn’t have been possible otherwise. I left it on
over night and this is the result. They completely maxed out my emf reader.
It’s not normal for the electrical fields to shift by that much in one
location—let alone to be that high next to where I sleep like ever.
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-r\_tubn0yf4pMQJ6TF1CV\_Z0Jt\_8Fys7/view?usp=drivesdk&disco=AAAATA6EKAc

Things have seemed to calm down a little bit however, which I’m extremely
grateful for.

One more thing, I was scrolling through the apps relating to Lexus the
other day, and I noticed there’s an app built for Lexus’s which allows you
to completely control your car and determine its location, kinda like
onstar or whatever—it uses a 3g network. So I signed up for it just to
check it out. However my car didn’t behave as expected when I signed up,
it’s not registering with the app correctly. After calling customer
support, they said I have to take it into the dealer because it appears as
though my Lexus is malfunctioning. But the thing is anyone who had access
to my car's vin number could have signed up for that service without my
knowledge essentially—especially if they had direct access to my car to hit
the hazard lights just briefly, which normally is supposed to be what
engages the whole thing. (After making the monthly payment for the add on
service) So now I have to take it to the dealer to get that looked into and
my electronic key signature changed. I do suspect the attackers may have
registered my Lexus already via this same app using a different email
address as a way to track me—because it’s a lot cleaner and less detectable
way of gps tracking. But I guess we’ll see once I get to the dealer.
(Either that or they use the satellite radio somehow to track me—I’ve seen
them change my cars settings remotely before when I wasn’t even touching
anything)


As of December 8, 2021

Do you want to know what infrasound feels like? Let me show you what
infrasound can do to your body—if directed at you by professionals using
professional equipment. I have never gotten that Kardia mobile to report
any irregularities with my heart before I tried it last night when they
were infrasounding me. I know they were infrasounding me cuz you can hear
the freaking sound, it sounds like someone is blasting their bass/subwoofer
far away but in the middle of the night/morning—however the sound is
directed only at you come to find out.

The sound/infrasound was coming primarily from the west/south-west last
night btw.

What does infrasound do to you? It makes your heart beat faster and/or out
of rhythm.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1W71QopoIZqu0hmVsEmPM0VrH4PtCuQ\_f/view?usp=drivesdk


As you can see in the above link, my heart was all out of whack last night
when they were infrasounding me until I went out to my car and took a
reading—suggesting they have capabilities to infrasound me primarily while
in my house. I literally took the readings 3 minutes apart. And I wanted to
make sure my heart wasn’t just messed up which is why I went out to my car
to take the last reading—sure enough—that last one in my car was perfectly
normal.

I’ve now proven both emf and infrasound to a certain degree—both coming
from an external source. I’ve also proven there are/have been multiple
people breaking into my house/messing with my house—at the very least.

These guys I’m dealing with are professionals at what they do. Of course
they are going to choose things that exacerbate other issues of the
targeted individual and/or else things that appear as though they could be
caused by other sources—when looking at it all shallowly and without
context—that’s the smartest way to do it. If I were a criminal I’d do the
same thing cuz it’s the smartest way to do it if you don’t want to get
caught.

They always go hardest on me when I have something important the next day
too, like a doctors appointment or work, etc, but at the end of the day
they couldn’t do any of this without all the hacking—so hacking definitely
plays a role as well. I’ve proven all the hacking over and over as well,
too bad hacking is so hard to trace back to the perpetrators or I’d be set.

Previous recordings of my heart when they weren’t infrasounding me—all else
constant. (I’ll keep doing these and notating what’s going on at the time
as well)

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1M-krwOQnpsgeFv9vRhkj1UxJjSCkT4vJ/view?usp=drivesdk



Conversation with Dusty’s old friends from like two weeks or more ago now.
One friend never responded in that thread, but I’ll just say some of my
brother's friends do believe me. And some actually found it odd how dusty
behaved in the past in thinking back on it, after I brought all this to
their attention.

https://codepen.io/chase-gibbons/pen/VwMjmqd (I couldn’t figure out how to
properly export this conversation so just know this code pen could easily
be tampered with)

I urge you not to overweigh any one of these items. Please give everything
you see here adequate consideration—and don’t make any shallow
determinations based on only one or two of the items. Because the fact of
the matter is nothing I’m doing can explain all this—and therefore there’s
really nothing I can ultimately do to make this all better. I’m only human,
I make mistakes sometimes myself--but I try to correct them when I do.

The only thing that truly can explain all this in full is my brother is
indeed both hacking me and sending people after me—and he tries his best to
make it look like it’s all just me or something I’m doing, he fine-tunes
his attacks to mirror me, and he tries his best to try and discredit me.
That’s literally the only explanation that explains everything—without
dismissing at least half of all of this as random or insignificant in
nature.

To be clear, I am at a disadvantage in all of this. Because this is all
designed to make me look bad, to be difficult to prove, and to therefore to
give the advantage to the perpetrators. It’s all designed to seem
outlandish and to go on over time for a reason. When people think about all
this, it’s common to not consider the full context. It’s also common to
become desensitized to all of this over time. And it’s common to consider
any mistake I may make as negating everything, or else to have a conflict
of interest with the truth. So I am clearly at a disadvantage in all this.
Any one-off thing that happens to me in all of this I am forced to
continually try and convince others of its significance within the broader
scheme of things, and that simply is just not how people typically think
over time. And I’ve got to do it without them reaching the wrong conclusion
and without bringing others down unintentionally and without them
over-weighing any one particular item that they may be most familiar with,
etc. People tend to relate things back to that which they have seen before
or that which they know already, myself included. The problem is criminal
masterminds can use that fact and they can use psychology in general to
their advantage.

My brother started getting into psychology in 2019 and I have since seen
all he’s learned first hand. I plan to re-prioritize the timeline
summarizing everything that’s occurred since day one in my family for this
reason. (I’ve been meaning to work on a timeline for a while now tbh, to
point out patterns and the overall scheme of things and whatnot in a
condensed but fully cited fashion) But yea, I think it will give everyone a
little better context if nothing else. Plus all the items on it will be
definitive in nature and will have withstood the test of time. I just need
to resuscitate all my old conversation histories first, or what’s remaining
of them at least. (And on a hacked computer mind you)

Worst case in all of this for me, is my brother is able to succeed in doing
irreversible damage to me, damage which can’t be tied back to him, damage
which could then be used to explain away everything else I have alleged
against him, and he gets off scott free—free to continue his rampage
against other innocent people like me.

Best case is my brother is ultimately held responsible for all that I
suspect he has done to his family. I try to stay open minded but it really
isn’t even a question for me anymore at this point--I live it daily. And at
the end of the day, my brother being behind all the bad stuff that’s been
happening to me simply is the only conclusion that explains everything; (as
stated above) sure I get some allegations wrong but the overall scheme of
things is right on; plus these guys continually mock me afterwards and give
me signals that it is indeed my brother orchestrating everything, and it
honestly just makes the most sense. It can and has been used as a pattern
to predict future behavior as well--which is key.

My brother really is like the perfect criminal mastermind. Everything he’s
ever been interested in really is incorporated into what I suspect he’s now
doing. Engineering, audio/sound engineering, computers/security,
nanotechnology, electrical engineering, 3d land surveying, psychology, real
estate, physics/chemistry, cryptocurrencies, law, Dre Dre and all his
thug/gang rap music, etc, etc.

The question becomes whether or not I can get others to see it—and whether
or not I can get others to help me do something about it. My brother and
his new people are completely ruthless tbh. I even become desensitized to
everything over time myself. Hopefully overtime people can come to their
own conclusions with all this.


Timeline coming soon, which will hopefully put everything in a little
better perspective..




Indicators of being hacked

The following outlines some indicators of being hacked based on what I’ve
learned myself. If you have multiple of these indicators--then you could
very well be hacked.

Most the bigger company websites you visit may make you do captchas before
they allow you to proceed to their website out of nowhere like even
google.com. It’s because the hackers actually rig your browser to send
multiple requests per request that is made, or they rig it to create
multiple sessions. That way the hackers can use any account you are logged
into as you. Therefore one way to tell you are hacked is Google and other
websites will let you know you are hacked essentially, they’ll say it
without saying it. This indicator works across mobile and desktop devices I
have found.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1B9GXyp2bXY\_85LdPhwuy1Bver9Yr255W/view?usp=drivesdk

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jj3jJMOPSpfNHU57zSXVAOU8PjRju9vY/view?usp=drivesdk

You may start getting invalid certificate errors on legitimate websites
that would never have an invalid cert by themselves. Like
https://drive.google.com for example. The following means there is
something going on with my network where I’m being exposed to a man in the
middle attack.


This is not the right certificate for google–I’ll just say that right now.
Your browser will make it pretty obvious.


You may start receiving strange text messages like the following which look
more like they are spam and not meant for you more than anything. (In
reality, they are secret commands meant to control your phone based on my
research and experience–it could mean your sim card is hacked) My
understanding is that if they have control of your router then they can
also send these binary sms messages to your phones to take over your sim.
These are definite indicators of being hacked. Works on mobile phones only.



Another indicator is your mouse will move without you moving it—without any
other legitimate explanation for your mouse to be moving at the time–and at
odd times. (The hackers like send you signals based on what you are doing,
I also just think the mouse moving is just a side effect of their
hacking/remote viewing/remote accessing) If this happens to you repeatedly
over time, especially if there’s no other possible explanation–then you
could very well be hacked. Works on desktop only.

Another indicator is your screen color might change hues just slightly,
whenever the hackers start watching your screen remotely, from a whiter hue
to a bluer hue. It’s a side effect of the hackers watching your screen is
what I have come to find out. The hackers can actually change this side
effect to a different one that is not hue related—but there will always be
a small side effect of some sort if you are observant enough tmk. The color
hue side effect of being watched happens both on mobile and desktop
devices.

Another indicator is a ton of open ports when you do a network scan. The
open ports are necessary for the hackers to access your devices remotely
essentially. Works for desktop and mobile and your router and everything
else connected to your network. I’ve been using an app called Zenmap as of
lately myself.

Another indicator is your modem may regularly cut out and start downloading
new configurations—like it might even stop your Comcast cable tv from
working for a second even—just depending on which modem you have and what
the hackers are doing. I know it’s my brother who hacked me at least in
part because all my issues with my modems started when I was on the phone
with him back in 2019, he essentially social engineered me to put in my
password when I shouldn’t have when I was trying to help him with his
stupid website. Right after I put in my password—my whole network went down
for the first time in that way. Which I later came to find out it was
likely because he gained access to my computer when I put in my password
which then sent a command to my modem to download a new malicious
configuration to my modem which would proceed to hack the rest of my
network, cuz my modem has gone down so many times since and that’s what
I’ve narrowed it down to. I recall my brother was like holding back from
laughing at the time too. I didn’t officially realize I had been hacked
until a little while later though, but I did specifically remember my
brother coerced me to put in my password when giving me some of his website
files and right after I did put in my password it took my whole network
down for the first time—my network going down like that out of nowhere
seemingly on my input was odd for my network at the time. I’ve been dealing
with it ever since though pretty much, I’ve come to find out what he
installed on my network was actually a hacking AI that infects all of my
devices. So getting rid of it entirely is extremely difficult. Since then I
suspect the hackers have even advanced to rooting my devices I think,
meaning you can’t even get the malware off any one device by reinstalling
the operating system—let alone get all the malware off of the network as a
whole. It’s a nightmare tbh. My brother has taken a lot of the fun out of
technology for me.

Strange router logs can also indicate your router may be hacked. [Visual
here]

The thing that initially tipped me off to being hacked myself personally
was some of my emails were being deleted, (emails from my brother) and my
phone kept getting really hot at odd times, (like when they poisoned my dog
right in front of me at the park) well that and some of my accounts
passwords/security questions had been altered. So that’s another way to
tell you are hacked either via stuff being deleted that you know you didn’t
delete, (both in your accounts and on your computer itself)
passwords/security questions being invalid out of nowhere that you know you
didn’t change–especially pay attention to you router admin password, and
your phone getting hot at odd times. (which could indicate someone is
actively tracking your location)

A lot of times virus detectors won’t even detect the malware my brother is
using btw--believe me, I have tried a lot of them. I recall my brother used
to try a lot of them himself.

Other things that have happened to me is they’ll interfere with what I
type, especially on mobile. They make it so it’s damn near impossible to
type sometimes, by like typing over what I’m trying to type when they are
trying to piss me off at key times.

They will cut my internet connection on both desktop and mobile or else
throttle it at key times–just depending on what I'm doing at the time. (I
realize this happens naturally as well and is a common occurrence but the
difference is they’ll do it like to prevent me from being able to work when
next to other coworkers who’s computers are behaving just fine, they do it
in odd ways and always at key times, they also have cut my internet access
both on my phone and on my computer in order to prevent me from checking on
my cameras previously, prevent me from uploading stuff to this folder, etc,
etc)

They’ll change up my spotify music queue to play songs of their choosing to
try and send me signals.

They will essentially re-program parts of mobile applications so that they
can do things like display a false feed on my arlo video cameras, when I’m
monitoring whether or not they are breaking into my house in real time
while I’m away, so as to prevent any chance of me seeing them
whatsoever–even if I check on it in real-time. (I caught them doing this
previously by having two arlo cameras pretty much side by side out front,
and having the cars driving by my house not come through synchronously–like
the cars weren’t even present in the one feed closest to my front door–it
clearly wasn’t just a buffering issue–so I initiated my arlo alarm when I
saw that–then they changed my arlo app up so I couldn’t even initiate my
arlo alarm anymore right after–that all happened when I was trying to
ensure they didn’t tamper my house again prior to the bug sweep) I always
reinstall my ring app before leaving my home when I plan to monitor my
house closely these days as well, cuz they’ll essentially reprogram that
particular app to fail to load altogether–and re-installing the entire app
is the only way I’ve found to get anything on my ring account to load
again.

They reprogram my phone number to forward to other phone numbers or to not
work altogether. They’ll make my phone not block contacts that are clearly
marked as being blocked. (Like my brother for instance, he can still text
me even when he’s blocked)

What else? I’ll think of more and add it here.

They can act as the middle man between texts and add malicious payloads
and/or change the timing of when texts are sent, change up the wording, or
else prevent them from going out entirely.

They can act as the middle man between emails and prevent me from being
able to send/receive emails, add malicious payloads, change the timing,
etc, etc.

They can listen to you through your microphones at any time–without any
indication they are even listening.

They can tap into your cameras at any time–without any indication they are
even watching. (I recommend getting camera covers)



The best thing you can do if you do suspect you are hacked by my brother,
that I have found at least, is to report it to the Utah Department of
Public Safety - Cyber Division.

https://siac.utah.gov/cyber-security/

I recommend turning your computers off at nighttimes, so they can’t access
all your stuff while you are asleep.

I recommend you take regular backups of your devices. That way you won’t
ever lose anything that is important to you and theoretically you could
revert to a non hacked state if you get hacked. (Depending on how deep into
the file system your backups cover)

I wish I had better advice for everyone in regards to how to get unhacked
once you are hacked, but I’m honestly still figuring that part out myself…
(I guess it also just depends on how hacked you are, identifying the scope
of the hack is key) The best bet might be to document it and report it to
the manufacturers–or else find a way to get the manufacturers to dig into
it themselves.
Timeline (Rough Draft)

Todo: add references. This is still a work in progress just know that, some
items may be out of order initially until I go back and find exact
references.


~2006

Met my girlfriend, Annie, around 2006. (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eElmCgTJMhIZGUrNWuxHT6BjtmO0vbHd/view?usp=sharing
)

~2007

Got my dog, Turbo, with my girlfriend Annie during the early part of 2007.

Graduated from Logan High School.

My father once told me that he had a good feeling about me. Like in
relation to his other kids. Like I’d do well or something. I’ve since taken
that to suggest he had a feeling about me being able to expose Dusty for
who he really is and what I suspect he’s done to our family, in addition to
me having been pretty successful in carrying on my dad’s legacy.

~2008

Before Father’s Death

I started going to college in I think 2008, but I didn’t take it seriously
at first and I ended up applying for a leave of absence and going to work
at icon instead. (Which showed me what life would be like if I didn’t get a
degree)

My father, Tim Gibbons, (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eElmCgTJMhIZGUrNWuxHT6BjtmO0vbHd/view?usp=sharing
) took me fishing in Alaska. My father told me Dusty would not be joining
us that time because he was in trouble essentially.

My father develops an “infection” by supposedly bumping into a bedframe at
night supposedly in Alaska. (According to my father) It was in one of his
feet, he ultimately had to get one of his big toes cut off.

I recall we went to Alaska fishing twice. Dusty came one of the times. I
think Dusty came the second time. I just remember going to ketchikan
fishing twice. My father got some infection in his foot that bothered him
for the rest of his life. (In a lot of ways, my dad’s final days remind me
of myself right now–like being completely torn down and whatnot, my dad
having to get his toe chopped off, my dad having his wife threaten to
divorce him, etc–only with me it’s a little different but it’s very much
along the same lines of being humiliated and torn down prior)
~2009Dusty and Cindy

Dusty, my brother, (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/16htiaOfvTWqNEHQNWD\_h4aIrhLKcB1dm/view?usp=sharing
) and Cindy, (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HqEtatP91f-1UF0n6mgzEou4ShGlkJj4/view?usp=sharing
) my stepmom, were always close. They always had an inexplicable
relationship in my mind. They would always stay up drinking alcohol at
nighttimes together along with Cindy’s son Shawn. I’ve never been big into
alcohol myself, I’d occasionally drink during parties or whatever, plus I
was always hanging out with my girlfriend, Annie, all the time around this
time myself, whenever I wasn’t working at the assembly line at icon.

2010
Divorce/Move Out

I hear from my father that Cindy, his wife at the time, may be divorcing
him and that Dusty and I needed to find another place to live.

Father’s Death

A little while after my father had to get his toe cut off, and shortly
after my dad told us we had to move out, my brother Dusty (Aka Dustin, aka
Baze) supposedly finds our dad unresponsive laying face first on the ground
in the hallway after going to and returning from the gas station closeby.
He finds our father laying in the middle of the hallway next to the piano
where he supposedly proceeded to call the paramedics and do CPR on him. My
father was on his way out the door to pick up my little sister, (half
sister) Taylor, (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QwC3FA8S1wsD7\_XoQW77Izx3nw0WBYh7/view?usp=sharing
) from the mall at the time when my dad apparently went down face first in
the middle of the hallway. (Smashed his nose in he hit the ground so hard
apparently) My brother apparently called some of his friends right after. I
don’t know if my brother was on the best terms with my father at the time.
I know my brother held resentment towards my father for “making” him follow
in his footsteps as a civil engineer. My brother was set to graduate with
his bachelor’s in civil engineering a week later. My father had called me I
think it was the day before, we were supposed to go in and get a new loan
on my car or something from cache valley bank later on that day or the next
day.


While in my bedroom downstairs with my girlfriend at the time, Annie, my
brother comes downstairs to get us and to inform us of what is going on
upstairs. If you want to know what we were up to just ask, I’m going to try
to keep this as straightforward as possible for brevity reasons. When we
got halfway up the stairs after Dusty came and got us, we see there are
paramedics working on my father who is laying in the middle of the hallway
next to the piano--seemingly unresponsive to the paramedics.

Annie and I follow the paramedics to the hospital. At the hospital we are
joined by Cindy who was apparently in Ogden at her biker bar at the time.
(But she beat us to Logan Regional somehow) When the notion of an autopsy
is brought up, Cindy says she doesn’t think we need one. I object and say
something like well then we’ll never know why he died. She responds by
saying essentially that if my dad had overdosed as she suspected and we did
an autopsy then we would lose out on a million dollar life insurance policy
if the autopsy showed an overdose. The doctor concurs with Cindy saying he
likely died of a heart attack. (But the thing is, everyone technically dies
by having a heart attack, the question is what the heck caused the heart
attack to begin with—I really don’t think my dad overdosed just for the
record—how could he just go lights out like that mid-walk without putting
his hand out to catch him or anything? Plus my dad wasn’t on drugs and I
don't think he would have overdosed on his prescriptions—he was a
responsible adult after all) But yea, we still don’t know why my dad
died--it was very sudden and unexpected in nature. Dusty never went to the
hospital afterwards even though my dad hadn’t even been pronounced dead yet
when he was taken by the paramedics from our house.

Right After Father’s Death

Dusty had time off after my father’s death.

Dusty graduates with his bachelor’s degree as a civil engineer and he
bounces to Ogden--even though he wouldn’t have a job for a little over a
year.

My father’s trust is distributed according to his wishes. He was worth
approximately $7 million dollars when he passed. (⅓ went to Cindy, the
remaining ⅔ got split equally between my father’s 4 children)

Dusty repeatedly brings up the notion that our father was just about to
change up his trust before his passing. (What that means, idk)

Karie, our half sister, becomes the trustee of the children’s trust. (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1v2Jetq8r9TDkU8EUR89IxZu69Qlj9NFW/view?usp=sharing
) Cindy becomes the trustee of the marital trust.

Cindy and Karie never liked each other all that much.




~2011
Trust/College

My brother and Cindy quickly become displeased with Karie--and remain
bitter throughout; they didn’t like the job she was doing as trustee--to
say the least. Cindy was frustrated about Karie in relation to my little
sister Taylor’s trust, Dusty was frustrated about Karie in relation to his
trust) To be clear, I had my frustrations with Karie and my trust, mostly
just in their lack of transparency and their being a little shady trying to
get us to sign something saying none of us could be trustee if she couldn’t
serve previously, (which I now kinda understand why) I had questioned their
selling of all our dad’s assets previously, including their giving away our
dad’s companies for next to nothing, but beyond that I actually always had
a pretty decent relationship with Karie.

I go back to college determined to take it more seriously this time. Karie
does a good job at holding me accountable and ensuring I do well.

2013
Graduation

I graduate from college with my bachelor’s degree in MIS. (Management
Information Systems) I essentially attribute a lot of my success to the
fact that Karie let me go back to college and held me responsible for my
grades this time. (Which my father never did, my father helped pay for my
college beforehand but he never really held me to account for my grades
previously, etc)

Eyes of a Killer2015
Before Sister’s Death

Karie and the trust lawyer and Paul, the successor trustee accountant, had
actually tried getting us all to sign something saying in the event Karie
is incapacitated then none of us could become the successor trustee--before
they ever disclosed to us Karie was indeed quickly becoming
incapacitated--which wasn’t very transparent at the time. (But I now
understand why, I think Karie might have had some suspicions herself) When
asked whether something was wrong with Karie at the time she denied.

I received word from one of my friends at the time, Nick Poppleton, that my
sister supposedly had cancer. At first i didn’t know which sister he was
even referring to. And I’ll be honest, this friend wasn’t known to be the
most credible person at the time. But once I found out he was referring to
Karie and that his wife’s father actually worked with Raedell, who was
Karie’s mother, I honestly believed him more but I still didn’t know what
to think cuz I hadn’t heard anything from Karie or my trust myself. I
brought it up to like Dusty and Taylor at the time but again, I didn’t know
if it was true or not.

I suspect around 2015 is also when my brother first started using some kind
of something against me meant to discredit me--but I wouldn’t find out that
was attributable to Dusty until much later..

I went from first kinda believing my friend to ultimately not believing him
anymore about Karie, (because Karie had done a good job at keeping it all a
secret and that particular friend was known for making stuff up) back
to--holy shit my friend was telling the truth the whole time--when our
trust finally told us Karie did in fact have cancer--non hodgkins lymphoma
to be precise. (Which was odd given how Karie was the healthiest person I
had ever met in my life--she was a personal trainer/physical therapist who
ate all organics, etc--and I don’t think there was any family history of
non hodgkin's lymphoma in either side of her family)

Sister’s Death

Not long later, that same friend who initially informed me of Karie not
doing well called me and told me that Karie was on her deathbed at Logan
Regional Hospital and that we had better get down there essentially. So I
called Taylor, my little sister, and Dusty, my brother, and informed them
of what my friend had told me. I went and picked Taylor up from her house
and Dusty agreed to drive up from Ogden.

When Taylor and I first got there we didn’t even recognize Karie--I know I
didn’t. Keep in mind we hadn’t seen Karie since she had looked so beautiful
prior. We go into the hospital room that my friend had told me to goto, and
my first reaction was I didn’t even recognize the person laying in the
hospital bed--she looked like a hundred year old bald lady who was pregnant
from all the tumors growing out of her--but I did recognize Raedell,
Karie’s mother. At that point any beef I had for Karie in her actions as
our trustee completely fell by the wayside, like at the end of the day
Karie was my sister and I loved her, plus she helped me get through
college. I ended up thanking her for her actions as our trustee in what I
think was the last time Karie even attempted to talk back to anyone. Taylor
just acted a little frustrated that Karie had hidden this all from us for
so long. Taylor obviously cared about Karie, she just felt hurt she wasn’t
invited to be there for her more before that point. Taylor and I stayed
there in Karie’s room until they asked us to go out so that they could do
something medically to Karie, at which point I got word from Dusty that he
was arriving. So Taylor and I went out to the parking lot to greet Dusty.

We greeted Dusty and showed him to the room where Karie was at. I paid
close attention to both Dusty and Taylor’s reaction to Karie. Dusty I
noticed didn’t even say a word to Karie. Raedell announced to Karie that
Dusty was now there, but both Raedell and Taylor didn’t pay any attention
to Dusty or how he subsequently treated Karie.

Dusty proceeded to go up to the top of Karie’s would be deathbed, he stood
I think between Raedell and Karie with his back facing Raedell. He then
grabbed Karie by the top of her bald head--seemingly kinda hard too--and
then he started moving her head from side to side with his hand--meanwhile
he was grinning the whole time. He treated Karie like she were a barbie
doll or something and he treated her like he was somehow happy she were in
her current state. Like he treated her as if he had no sympathy for her
whatsoever--he treated her like he was trying to send her a signal. Dusty
never said anything to Karie. Dusty never even said anything about how
Karie looked either. (Like how she was completely unrecognizable to me and
Taylor) Right after that Dusty insisted we all leave so that Taylor could
“study for her exam” the next day, Dusty was only there for a total of like
5 minutes. Taylor and I concurred only because we planned to come back the
next day but ended up not being able to because Karie was pronounced dead
later on that evening. Later on that same evening I called my mom crying
just overwhelmed with everything. I told my mom what I had saw Dusty do to
Karie. My mom apparently told Dusty that I had seen him do that to Karie
right after, and he apologized to me over sms later. I wish I hadn’t told
my mom I saw him do that tbh, I wouldn’t have ever even said anything to
him about it had it been up to me–it was that serious–like I’d prefer him
to not know I saw him do that to her.

All I’m saying is why did Dusty even show up that evening if that’s all he
was going to do to her?

Dusty had time off before/after Karie’s death.

Dusty demonized Karie both before and after her death.


~2016
After Sister’s Death

Dusty treating Karie that way was odd to say the least but at the end of
the day he was my brother and I loved him/looked up to him. So I gave him
the benefit of doubt.

In hanging out at Dusty’s house around this time I recall my brother
showing some friends and I the dark web for the first and only time. He
told us how you can even buy drugs and hitmen on it, all the while he was
talking about how secure it was. I didn’t think he’d actually do it at the
time though. He essentially showed me how to access the dark web using the
tor browser at the time, but that’s it. I don’t recall the name of the site
he was on. I never even dug into the dark web myself until much later, when
doing research on what all was possible after I started being attacked
myself. (Now I think he may have deliberately showed us that potentially so
he could try and frame me later--but in this case it backfired because this
is how I know dusty has access to hitmen)

Dusty got a new phone after both deaths in my family. Dusty encouraged me
to get a new apple phone around this time..

Dusty has always been better at computers than me--even though he hides it,
he was into them long before I ever was. I didn’t even get into computers
and programming until I was a junior in college and forced to choose
something essentially, because my career placement exam said I was
extremely analytical, and because the career advisor recommended MIS as a
good paying opportunity given my results. The people who can develop the
skills necessary to do all this low level programming, and then to hide the
fact that they are good at it, those are who you need to keep an eye on.
(It’s as if they don’t want anyone knowing they are good at hacking, and
the best hackers are likely those who have been into computers their whole
lives)

I recall after Karie’s death in talking to my brother, Dusty said something
like people tend to die from that which they fear the most or something.
(Referring to karie and her being healthy as shit yet dying from cancer at
the young age of 39) I also recall confronting him about him never saying
anything about the way Karie looked at the hospital, and how I found it
odd. (Because at this point there had always been a small question in my
mind about my father, like what if someone had done something to his
prescriptions or something--they could have totally gotten away with it
whereas no autopsy was done thanks to Cindy--and I also had questions about
Karie--but Karie used to always travel so I had a sense that if anyone had
done something to Karie than it would have to be someone who had hacked her
and therefore someone who wouldn’t have been surprised by the site of
Karie--because they had been monitoring her the whole time essentially)
Dusty didn’t have a good response to my questioning--but I still had no
reason to suspect him really--if I suspected anyone it was still Cindy, cuz
Cindy and Karie never got along to say the least and because Cindy was
considering divorcing my dad right before he passed, (If she had, she would
have gotten none of his wealth) Cindy hung out with biker dudes at the
time, she owned a biker bar in Ogden, she had a biker dude stay over at the
house something like 2 weeks after my dad’s death, etc, etc.

2018

Dusty gets fired from his job as a civil engineer. (At the time, he brought
up to me something like he was trying to implement some russian php program
or something at his work and his work didn’t like it or something, idk–I
know that’s supposedly not what he told my mom though)

Dusty has time off starting now until arguably present day, his recording
studio but that’s just bs.
2019Brother Distancing/Time Off

I purchase one of my father’s commercial unit’s from my little sister
Taylor. (Thereby continuing my father’s legacy)

Dusty doesn’t show up for dinner with me, Cindy, and Taylor–the dinner
meant to finalize my purchase agreement with Taylor. Cindy starts having
regrets even though she’s the one who convinced Taylor to sell it for an
annuity in the first place; I recall Dusty didn’t want me to purchase it or
something either later. But I needed the extra parking and I purchased it
for a reason.

My brother Dusty begins distancing himself from everyone besides Cindy,
from what I gather.

My brother texts me saying he’s been learning psychology, reading books on
psychology, and he tells me how he’s been talking to a psychologist who
said our mom is a narcissist and he started saying all this messed up stuff
about my mom’s teeth and how she used to be a druggy and all this messed up
stuff, at least part of which he said he heard from Cindy. He recommends I
read a psychology book myself and stop talking to our mom myself, quit my
job, etc.

My brother begins vigorously disparaging my mom and our whole family both
privately to our whole family and publicly, calling my mom a narcissist,
making up all these lies about our whole family and even posting some of it
on his facebook. (Our mom’s side of the family now)

When taking my dog for a walk one day I walk up on one of my neighbors to
the East essentially abusing his kid, his wife opens the door cuz the kid
started screaming, she said firmly to the dad at the time–”you had better
not be hurting him again”. Then the wife sees me. They follow me that day
on my walk.

I see two dudes with I think beanies sitting in a van sitting outside my
house a few months later--both with laptops, as soon as they see me looking
out the window at them they drive off. I later see the occupants of that
van go into the child abuser’s house.


Last Visit/Website/Brother Hacking

My brother and his felon friend, Tom Finn, come over to my house and act
all hostile to me out of nowhere. Dusty takes back his Christmas present he
gave me the year before, he took my guitar, they ask if they can go in my
garage for some reason while I was busy doing something else, (I recall Tom
had a backpack on) etc, and that’s the last time I ever even saw my brother
face to face. (He never gave me my guitar back and he’s been hostile
towards me ever since; I ended up telling him he could just keep the guitar
a little while later seems how I had a sense he was keeping it anyways, I
told him that later on for his birthday or Christmas or something like
that) #garage #framingme

My brother goes into sleeper mode. (Which was a red flag given all that
happened in the past)

Dusty started talking like a gangster–like he completely changed the way he
would talk to everyone–it was weird, (Sometimes I wonder if he has
multiple personalities) but then he deleted everything later. #gang

My brother Dusty asks me to do his website for his new recording studio,
even though he was perfectly capable to do it himself. Whereas he had all
the sudden distanced himself from all his friends and family, I told him I
would do it for him just to try and develop some kind of a relationship
with him again. (Who makes all these enemies and pushes away their family
and friends right when trying to start a new business anyhow?) He asked me
to come work with him around that time but he was clearly being shady so I
denied. Plus my brother has always been difficult to work with.

Dusty flakes out on hanging out anymore.

Dusty encourages me to use social media more. (I felt like he could just be
trying to look for a better way to do something to me without him being the
only suspect given how shady and hostile he had been acting out of
nowhere–so I didn’t take his advice)

Dusty recommends a book to me called “Never eat alone”.

I get hacked by my brother through some of his website files he shared with
me at the time–the only time he talked to me on the phone the whole time.
He essentially social engineered me to put in my password over the phone
that day. It took down my modem right after I did.

Someone Tries to Fill My Prescriptions

The pharmacist at Reeds notified me that someone tried filling my
prescriptions--striking a nerve with me whereas there was always a small
seed of doubt in my mind about my father’s death, all his prescriptions,
and the prospect of someone potentially tampering with his prescriptions to
kill him. I did not have many friends at the time beyond my co-workers, (On
purpose, to stay away from bad influences) so I knew it had to have been my
brother because the pharmacist brought it up to me because he wasn’t sure
if it was me. (Meaning whomever it was likely at least sounded somewhat
like me, plus my brother was acting shady as hell at the time)

Testing My Brother

I confront my brother about him killing Karie and our father for Cindy,
over email--just as a test. My brother responded to my email saying
something about how much Karie charged us to be our trustee, but the email
is deleted from my inbox right afterwards somehow. I look into how that
could be possible, I find there is such a thing of confidential self
deleting email messages and I attribute that email being deleted to that.
(However, I’ve since found out that confidential self deleting emails are
marked clearly as such–and I don’t recall this email from dusty as being
marked that way when I did glance at it before it was deleted)

First perfect circle of black feathers left in my yard right around the
same time I accused dusty of killing our father and sister for Cindy--I
didn’t know what it was at the time tho. #signal

First Poisoning

My brother tells me he thinks my dog should die all rudely over imessage,
when I started opening up to him about some of my frustrations. #plot

My dog and I get poisoned for the first time on our walk the very next
day--a group of Mexicans came up and deliberately put what appeared to be
this strange grayish paste poison substance on my dog’s forearm--while
pretending to pet him/pick him up. #plot

My phone got hot at the time. #hacking

My brother texted into the group conversation between my siblings and I
right after the mexicans put that shit on turbo, (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TwEBUWSWpaOQLLgTQGL-Wq\_tqkWIKc4W/view?usp=sharing
) disparaging our mother further--even though he said he was blocking us
all the day prior–as if to send me a signal that it was directed by him.
(As if I didn’t know that already) #signal #plot

I knew it had to have been poison cuz it made both me and my dog feel
funny, (I wiped it off turbo cuz he wouldn’t walk any further until I got
it off him) and even then my dog didn’t want to walk more than 100ft more
that day, which was uncharacteristic for him at the time. It made me feel
like kinda messed up at first, then it made my whole body ache for days
afterwards. I couldn’t get it off--it kept seeping out of my pours for
days--despite repeated washing. I finally figured out that rubbing
alcohol/apple cider vinegar helped in washing it off but even still it
required repeated washing over time as it seeped out of my skin.

2nd perfect circle of black feathers left in my yard the same night my dog
and I were first poisoned. I knew what it was this time. #signal

They did it on the night of the fireworks going off in 2019. #plot
#fireworks

This is when I first started suspecting my brother of now being a shot
caller in a gang. #gang

Dusty tells me I’m going to regret not coming to work with him. #signal

Dusty blames him being the way he is on our mother. (Only caring about
himself) #signal

Dusty says he’ll have Paul take “his money” out of my account. #signal

Dusty says I’m going to regret not having more people around me. #people

To be clear–I don’t have a lot of people around me these days because no
people are better than bad influences.

I discovered the hacking for the first time definitively. #hacking

Dusty freaked the hell out to my mother when he found out I went down to
his recording studio with my phone in airplane mode one day. (Now I think I
know why, cuz he knows he’s guilty/he was up to no good at his recording
studio and/or he thought I might try to do something similar to him as a
result of what he did to me or something) These days they can still access
my phone even when I’m in airplane mode.

Dusty disparages Karie repeatedly. #karie


Dusty doesn't deny being a serial killer nor does he deny being in a gang
when asked by me directly numerous times over email.

I send Dusty an email worried about there potentially being holes in his
brain from all the acid he’s done over the years–based on a video I watched
that said it was possible–he takes offense to it. #brain

I notice what I thought were cops were now following me, neighbors seemed
suspicious of something in my garage out of nowhere. #garage #framingme

I hear people outside my house in middle of the night, I smell cigarette
smoke through my bedroom window. (Which I’ve honestly never smelt in my
neighborhood before period) #people

Dusty says he has been learning AI, won’t elaborate any further. #ai

Dusty begins deleting all his previous messages. (Including deleting shit
off MY DEVICES) #coverup

Dusty tells me “he has his own people now”, when talking to him about how
he needs our family. #people

I confront my brother saying he’d be crazy to try and kill me right then
essentially--because if he had still lived in Logan he’d know people are
suspicious of all the deaths in our family as is and how there was a
pattern of the deaths being 5 years apart. (Notice the timing of the
attack, it was mid way through 2019, or four years after karie’s death)
This is when I first started looking back on everything and is when I first
started truly suspecting my brother of potentially killing some of our
family--I straight up asked him after all and he completely failed that
test and all tests I have thrown his way since then--miserably. Like can
you even think of a worse response to my test? (Circle of black feathers
left outside my house right after, deleting his response out of my inbox,
telling me my dog should die, phone getting hot when poisoned, someone
trying to fill my prescriptions, disparaging our whole family, etc, etc) I
can’t. This stuff is scary.

Dusty backs off for the time being..

To be continued…

2020Second Poisoning

Poisoned again this time from a key I left out for a tenant who was
interested in renting one of my little sister’s commercial units (the unit
was located within the commercial building of our father’s I had purchased
from my little sister Taylor (Cindy’s daughter) when Dusty first started
distancing himself from me--it happened after the prospective tenants left
the key in the drop spot outside to give the keys back to me. (Remember, I
was hacked so the hackers would have known where the keys were left) It was
a similar substance as the first time except this time it was clear instead
of grey but it gave me a similar initial feeling, it smelt similar, and I
was able to differentiate this time that it made all my lymph nodes swell
up for days afterwards. (The first time I just knew it made my whole body
ache, this second time I realized it was really all my lymph nodes swelling
up/aching) Sound familiar? Lymph nodes are what are affected in non
hodgkin's lymphoma–which is what Karie died from.

Again I can tie this second poisoning back to Dusty.

2021
Gun Pulled On Me

I notify my brother that my dog turbo is in bad shape, he has multiple
organ failure and is not going to be around much longer, in trying to give
Dusty the benefit of doubt from what happened in the past again. I
specifically pointed out how he used to like turbo and be close to turbo,
secretly hoping I could take turbo to go say goodbye to dusty.

Hispanic male starts stalking my neighborhood literally like 25 minutes
after I sent that message to my brother. Seems turbo’s prognosis was grim
anyways, I go out to try and take a picture of the guy’s car. The guy stops
all irritated with me, ends up pulling a gun on me. I call the police only
because he pulled a freaking gun on me. (I was just trying to spook him
away initially--I had nothing on him prior to him pulling his gun on me)
The police track him down and pull him over and arrest him. Jacade Rausch
is his name. I guess he had drugs on him at the time. He’s now facing up to
~40 years in prison.

My dog Turbo dies literally like 27 hours later. (
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1z5nyeLN4a5-Nyb2fLSiRFfEsj8\_di8hx?usp=sharing
)

Witness Intimidation

I begin to do a ring neighbors social media post to notify the neighbors of
what had happened with the suspected stalking/guy pulling a gun on me.
(Initially I thought he may have just been lost doing a drug delivery or
something until I found out that guy actually was from around here even
though he had license plates from another state) (
https://neighbors.ring.com/event/Vxp7yxNSxV )

Child abuser’s (
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sSBbS1KNBGcXheMrK1JETPhNqP2AFmg\_/view?usp=sharing
) kid starts showing up at my house for the first time out of the whole
time they’ve lived next to me, asking to “play”. I didn’t know who’s kid it
was until some time later. #intimidation (
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1u5IDbtDskD\_X8bowDJAY9ukE-xuI5MlS?usp=sharing
)

Posted the ring neighbor’s app post after the kid started being sent to
intimidate me--not before. (Meaning nobody even knew about the guy pulling
a gun on me yet) (https://neighbors.ring.com/event/Vxp7yxNSxV )

Child abuser’s kid starts coming to my house again and again--every
week--and on key dates. Saying a different thing each time. The first few
times he asked to “play”. Then he started saying something having to do
with “kill” or “death” or something like “kill him” or something like that.
He would show up at my house on key dates too like on my birthday and labor
day for instance. Like it clearly wasn’t random–it was meant to intimidate
me/stress me out on otherwise happy days. Clearly directed by someone
intimately familiar with me. #intimidation (
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1u5IDbtDskD\_X8bowDJAY9ukE-xuI5MlS?usp=sharing
)

EMF

Emf started--they made it extra intense on my dog’s would-be sixteenth
birthday. (Night of September 15, 2021) I hadn’t even thought about my dog
much that day, I had had a good day. I had actually felt earthquake
sensations like five days in a row leading up to me actually realizing I
was being EMF’d on this day, while sitting on my bed each night coding,
which I was later able to correlate to go hand-in-hand with the EMF stuff.
So they had been EMF-ing me prior, only on September 15 they made it extra
intense specifically because it was my dog's birthday. It completely heated
my head/brain to the point where my head was hot to the touch externally
and it felt hot internally as well. I had to put ice packs on my head the
next morning. My whole head/back felt sunburnt the following days. #emf

I reported it to the police for the first time on September 16, 2021, the
afternoon after I could actually somewhat decipher what it might be whereas
they intensified it and whatnot.

I continued speaking to that detective and other officers about the
subsequent attacks for weeks. Some of the police officers have treated me
seriously throughout, like that Joseph Escobar detective for instance–I
like him. I think he may have been from a different agency or something
though, but I’m honestly not sure. The cops did show me solidarity I think
on more than one occasion, however they obviously don’t tell me whether any
of my tips led to them discovering anything or not directly. #emf


Hotels

Tbd

Eagles Incident - Murder by Suicide Plot

I suspect my brother Dusty purposely misconstrued a message I sent to him
and he reported me as being suicidal to the police. (After I reported him
for the EMF stuff) That particular police officer Dusty called made me call
Dusty directly seems how Dusty was apparently “so concerned about me”–so I
did–Dusty freakin hung up on me not even 30 seconds into our conversation.
It was bs. Then I looked back at the messages Dusty had sent me while I was
driving back home in response to the single message I had sent him while I
was in town and I realized Dusty had set it all up for him to be able to
essentially social engineer the police. (Acting like he was a mormon with
kids in his responses back to me while I was driving, which he later shared
with the police, when in reality he’s an atheist with no kids, etc) So I
called the police letting them know that Dusty had lied to them and he
could have very well just hacked them whereas social engineering is
actually how he hacked me. #suicide #plot #rubbingitin #sabotage


A few days later my superior at work invited me to goto the Eagles bar with
him that night at 7pm. I said I would go. This was when we were working on
my computer being hacked at work and I had been issued a brand new
computer--and I was being careful as hell with even potentially re-exposing
the new computer to any viruses through any of my other potentially
infected devices. Like I would go clear over to the other side of the room
just to turn bluetooth/wifi on on my phone just to avoid infecting the new
computer I had been issued, when getting a password off my personal phone
or whatever. I later found out that despite my best efforts, the new
computer showed similar signs of being infected. (I think my brother could
have hacked their whole network but I don’t know that forsure) Anyways, I
went home that night after being invited to the Eagles and I recall I was
on one of my computers doing something around 7:20pm that night when the
same kid knocked/rang the doorbell for the seventh time. My network was
down at the time so this time, once I saw who it was, I started recording
on my cell phone instead prior to answering. Sure enough it was the same
kid again, only this time I saw who was directing him myself in walking out
with my cell phone camera rolling.

All previous times I had recorded my encounters with that kid with my ring
video doorbell which stayed put in one location. It was the child abuser
neighbor guy who was directing the kid. As soon as that child abuser guy
saw me he tucked back into his garage so he couldn’t be recorded, I saw him
myself but I don’t think I captured him on my cell phone footage. The kid
initially said something like “why you always working?”, (as if to coerce
me to goto the bar seems I was running a little late to goto the bar with
my co-worker that evening) but then after his dad tucked behind their
garage door, the kid looked back for direction and didn’t know what to do
once he saw his dad was now gone. #plot

I would be willing to bet the kid’s dad had been standing right there every
single time that kid came to my house--because it had become clear to me
the kid was being directed. (Which is partly why I call that guy a child
abuser, because he directs his kid to do shady things and because he
clearly had hurt his kids physically previously)

Anyways, the significance of what the kid said this time was the kid was
essentially coercing me to goto the bar where I would later be poisoned,
given how I was late to go to the eagles that evening. #plot

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r2-oTX8gWahAlVI3CuLgKKTg0p1nw4uT/view?usp=sharing

The kid hasn’t come by again since I found out who was sending him and
reported him, not like that anyways, maybe on halloween with his whole
family–that halloween video was deleted however–not by me. #signal

Describe eagles bar poisoning incident in full here..

One thing I want to add right now about the eagles bar poisoning is I
suspect they ended up getting in my car while I was at the eagles and put
poison in there, (Either while at the eagles or while I was at walmart
later–or both) I suspect they also left a bunch of thorn-bush spikes on my
floormat that I later dumped out thinking they were odd whereas I hadn’t
been near any thornbushes at all lately and whereas I hadn’t had any thorn
bush spikes on any of my pant legs or shoes or anything--let alone that
many of them. How else did they get in there? It was only after one of the
next poisonings where they left similar thorn bush spikes on my porch when
I put two and two together, that that would be a great way for someone to
get poison into me internally--and that those thornbush spikes were likely
left there deliberately both times--even though the main poisoning in the
eagles incident came from them leaving some heat activated clear substance
on I think like my shifter in my car, which I ended up getting exposed to 2
separate times because at first I thought it was from a guy who came and
touched me in the bar that night right before I left the eagles--when in
reality it was that same guy who came and touched me in the bar that night
although I suspect he had been in my car prior--because my whole car had
wreaked like this one guy’s cologne. I suspect him coming to touch me
before he left was essentially him letting me know who was responsible like
they all like to do–through his cologne. His cologne was very distinct and
there was no way for my whole car to smell like his cologne from just him
barely touching me and standing next to me for a minute that evening. #car
#poison #plot


The significance of the thorn bush spikes is what happened to my dad before
he died? He got some strange “infection” in his foot--leading to him having
to get his big toe cut off. Which occured right around the time my brother
Dusty had been denied going to Alaska fishing with us. #poison?

When they were in my car at the eagles is when I suspect they added the
capabilities to track my location through my car, or they did something to
my car while they were in there I suspect–they never just do one thing they
always seem to like plan ahead or something. It’s also when I suspect they
stole my garage door opener which they later used to get into my house on
at least one occasion--before I found out it had gone missing.

This is the time where the poison pulled all the blood from my
extremities–eagles incident--on my second exposure to be specific. The
first exposure I felt while in the middle of walmart right after I left the
eagles that night and it made me feel drugged. The substance was a clear
liquidy substance that doesn’t feel like liquid to the touch. The first
exposure I noticed from feeling drugged out of nowhere in the middle of
walmart that evening–even though I had only had one drink that night at the
bar. (Karie went to bars too on occasion btw) From past experiences, I knew
I had to wash it off immediately. So in walmart after starting to feel all
funny I knew I had to go directly to the bathroom to wash off my hands and
where that guy had touched me. Then I started feeling better. The second
exposure that night or the next day legit pulled all the blood from my
extremities. I noticed the second exposure from looking at my vape later on
while at home, there was some clear substance all over my hands and my
vape. Like my hands didn’t even feel wet at all to where I likely wouldn’t
have even noticed it had I not seen it all over my vape. I washed it off
immediately again but even still it almost wasn’t soon enough–it almost
killed me. It pulled all the blood from my toes up my feet, my fingers
going up my arms; I couldn’t pee for hours even though I had to because I
did not have enough blood flow down there either. I had to sit down as well
cuz I started getting all light headed–it was scary. And I washed it off as
soon as I noticed it on my vape that evening. #suicide #plot

These guys will try and create distractions as well to try and make me look
bad btw, the hardest part is seeing through all their distractions and
getting to the real meat of what they are ultimately trying to do and
figuring out when/where they did something exactly–just know they have the
capabilities to get in my car anytime I’m in a store for even like ten
minutes–and they have gotten in my car countless times now I suspect.
Therefore, they may have even gotten in my car a second time while I was in
walmart that night or gotten into my house that night for instance, which
could have been when/where they added the second substance. That’s the
thing–with that kind of capability it makes it difficult to nail down
exactly when they did what, and where they did what. Cuz they could have
spread it out across multiple locations. They use false flag operations
pretty regularly. This incident as a whole was not a false flag operation,
but exactly when/where they exposed me might have been. Then in addition to
all that, most all their poisons typically seem to consist of a cocktail of
whatever it may be. So as to essentially decrease their odds of getting
caught. For instance, say it was really poison, but say they added some
drug that can seep through your skin to the poison cocktail. (Which would
also aid in disorienting the individual) Then when the person goes to the
doctor the next day complaining about being poisoned, the doctor drug tests
them or something. As soon as the doctor sees they have drugs in their
system the doctor won’t believe them anymore–even though it was really the
perpetrators who unwittingly drugged them. I have gone to the doctor after
every instance described herein btw. This last time the instacare told me
only the emergency room could test for stuff like that, so next time I know
where to go now but again–they could rig it to where I would be better off
just not going in. That’s the challenge with these guys. I like got to walk
this tight rope and avoid getting knocked down from either direction.

So yea, I try not to say even one thing that could even possibly be
maliciously mis-interpreted anymore as me being depressed or whatever to
avoid my brother trying to kill me again and using it as an excuse for my
death.
String of break-ins #1 - Murder by Overdose Plot

Thorn bush spikes added to my porch--one of which I barely stepped on.

Tried to frame me as a druggy by planting paraphernalia in my house and by
somehow lighting off a smell bomb or something which made my whole house
reak like drugs–like it was crazy. #overdose #plot

Put something in my vape juice.

Tampered with my prescriptions.

Tampered with literally anything and everything they could in my house.

I suspect this is when they installed the gassing capabilities to my
furnace. #tampering #furnace

All cameras showed completely blank for over a full day--even the hard
wired ones--which was unheard of. (I had been staying in a hotel to try and
get away from all the EMF stuff)

Wet spot in the middle of the walkway on the carpet in one of my
bedrooms–even though I had been gone for at least 24 hours--which I also
stepped on. Between the wet spot and the thorn bush spike I barely stepped
on, I started feeling all wobbly. Vape juice made me feel drugged a little
later.

It was as if they planned on the thorn bush spike, wet spot they had left
for me to kill me, and they had set it all up to frame me to the police as
being a druggy when they later found me.

I didn’t drive my car for days afterwards because I was afraid they had
succeeded in drugging me that evening.

Gave evidence to the police.

String of break-ins #2 - Murder by Explosion/Lung Cancer Plot

This folder, see videos of intruders here:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1G4yI\_Ri\_7t\_p5Hf4kBtDzwlnUK8V0HGl/view?usp=sharing
#tampering #waterheater


Halloween Car Break-in/Vape Juice Tampering/Mocking me

I suspect a black guy in a black mercedes car got into my car while in
walmart and put something in my vape juice after the latest breakins. He
and his girlfriend were sitting in their car next to my car when I went out
that day and I recognized that car as being one of my brother’s guys. Right
after this is when they left that voicemail mocking me by coughing or
whatever. They have since left other voicemails as well, the latest one I
actually listened to sounds like it’s being created by a dj. I do have the
evidence.

Tampering with my electricity

I suspect they’ve been able to remotely control my electricity previously,
by they I mean my brother and his “people”. They also have rigged my
electricity previously to like make it feel like static electricity for a
while in here, to make all my outlets begin to spark whenever I’d plug
something in, to make my lights behave as though I had an open neutral, all
my light bulbs started going out prematurely, to aid in emf-ing me, and to
be able to I suspect power some of their electronic bugs they had on the
exterior of my house previously through the open neutral essentially. I
suspect they used their ability to remotely turn on and off my electricity
to help get by some of my cameras previously, and I recall they would
actually use their ability to control my power as yet another “signal” to
let me know when I was doing something they didn’t like previously. (Like
texting my little sister Taylor about how I thought our brother was a
serial killer for instance, my power went off and on as soon as I texted
her that, etc) I do believe that child abuser guy might have something to
do with all the power tampering.

Radiation poisoning

I can no longer grow hair from the front of each of my calves all the way
around my leg to the inner side, (so I can no longer grow hair on like 80
percent of my calves) nor can I grow hair on the backs of my thighs. Loss
of hair growth is one symptom of radiation poisoning, radiation apparently
attacks the fast growing cells first.
Infrasound
Keys

I suspect they stole my keychain out of my car most recently, which had
keys to all my rental properties, my new safe, my house, my mailbox, etc,
etc.

My rental house has since been having a lot of issues with it’s
furnace/water heater.


2022



As of December 15, 2021

[Opinion]

My brother is trying to kill me you guys. Like I know that sounds bad, but
I swear it’s the truth. Do you know how much money and time his “people”
have spent on me? It’s insane. I swear its like all they do, some of them
at least. Sometimes I become desensitized like I said, but the truth is I
can’t grow hair on like half of my legs anymore--which isn’t normal. Most
older men can still grow hair on their legs--let alone men my age. I know
deep down this is no joke.

Sometimes I suspect they may still be getting into my house despite my best
efforts to keep them out. I don’t know if it’s just PTSD or whether I’m
still being re-exposed to something they did previously while in my house
somehow or else whether it’s from my car or what. All of this likely
implicates way more than just my brother too. But hardly anybody is going
to truly take this all seriously until it ultimately happens. That’s the
position I find myself in. The worst part is my brother has ripped apart
our whole family.

These guys can hack anything--you have been warned. It’s scary. I suspect
they buy exploits off of the dark web btw, I don’t think they program
everything from scratch–but I do think they have programming knowledge to
say the least.

I wish I knew the name of what hacking gang or mob or cult or whatever it
is these guys belong to. Because these guys are extremely dangerous. Some
of them seem to be like hired contractors or hitmen, whereas others seem to
be more persistent in nature. (Like the black mercedes black guy and the
child abuser guy) But going after people seems to be legit all this hacking
gang does all day every day. Most hackers aren’t killers but the two
together are a deadly mix. Especially when the hackers act as the
coordinators for people on the ground. My brother really had no reason to
hack me other than if he wanted to kill me.

Do you want to know who’s websites my brother has done previously btw?
Karie’s and my father’s. Crazy right? I wonder if he hacked them while
doing their websites too.

Regardless, I hope someone takes all this and runs with it and holds my
brother and everyone else who has been involved accountable some day,
assuming they are indeed guilty as I strongly suspect--don’t let them fool
you. If I can do anything further to help, just let me know. If my brother
and any other key members of this unnamed group are one day held
responsible--it will have all been worth it. Even just raising the alarm
like this is huge. Hopefully when I’m done with all this then people can
make up their own minds about my brother and whatever happens to me from
here on out. My fear is a lot of what I have shared here is electronic at
the end of the day, and it could therefore be hacked and manipulated and
therefore it could be argued to not be authentic in court--when in fact
everything I’ve written here is authentic--I just could still do it in a
more official way is all I guess. I’ll do that on the key parts once I’m
through. But then I need to get out of here for my own safety and leave
this all behind me I think, in pursuit of happiness elsewhere.

Regardless, thank you for your support.

As of December 17, 2021

I need to be careful about what I add here–Dusty doesn’t respond to some
things or else he brushes things off for a reason. The last thing I want to
do is be framed or have something I say be used to get my brother off. This
is all electronic at the end of the day and I have proven hacking. So I’m
hoping this will just help serve as a guide to the police if they want to
dig further themselves more than anything. I went out on a lim in sharing
all this with everyone including the police, partly because I know I didn’t
do anything wrong, and partly because I didn’t know what else to do, and
partly because I really would like the police’s help in all this. I really
have been confronted with an extremely challenging situation when you think
about it. Life’s nothing but a game of smarts to my brother–I really wish
it weren’t that way. It makes it that much harder for people like me to do
the right thing and come forward against him–because the whole thing is
rigged in his favor essentially.

What do I do? Just brush off everything he does to me? Run away? Don’t
report it? I don’t know what to do tbh. Just like with the gangstalking,
the more I bring up what all I suspect my brother may have done and my
suspicions of him–the more I make myself look bad. It’s scary. But what is
the alternative? Just not report any of my suspicions about my brother nor
anything he relentlessly does to me? Play dumb? What do I do? What I want
to do is to live a normal life without having to devote all my time to my
brother, without having to devote all my time just to staying alive, etc;
my brother who is constantly trying to kill me/frame me. But devoting my
whole life to my brother is the only way I’ll ever get a smoking gun on him
and therefore it’s the only way I’ll ever be able to get him to stop,
whereas he appears to devote his whole life to me regardless of what I do
essentially. (Or else he pays someone to devote their whole lives to me)
It’s an almost untenable position to be faced with. I’m in this position
because I am smart and observant myself at the end of the day–but Dusty
uses that fact against me. I’ve never been smarter than my brother. I
really need someone to help guide me through all this and safely.

Dusty never stops you guys. He has all the information too through all his
hacking, like I don’t have 1/1000th of the information on him as he has on
me these days. I don’t even know where he’s at right now for instance–and
he uses that to mislead me and/or to make me look bad to other people
because he knows all I know at this stage is what he tells me. Plus he has
exponentially more resources than me. He also has way more time than me.
(Cuz I actually have a day job, (software team lead) I have two day jobs
really, (+property mgr) three if you count constantly having to defend
myself from my brother’s posse (++staying alive))

The hackers seemed particularly disturbed when I wrote the section about
Tom Finn and my garage above btw.

Do you know how many ways coming forward with all this could end badly for
me, assuming I’m right on all this, given Dusty has such an advantage over
me?

I could be framed and locked up for the very thing I’m trying to bring to
light that I now suspect my brother has done to our family.

I could be deemed crazy and lose all my assets from incapacity.

I could be killed.

I could lose friends.

I could be sued.

I could have my reputation ruined.

I could be charged for some other thing that I didn’t even know was illegal.

Like this is no good choice for anybody, it’s my only choice at this point
however–if I want any chance at ever being able to live a happy life again.

It’s like a one in a million shot at me actually getting a desirable
outcome. But I am doing it because I have no other options at this point.
They tell you to stay silent for a reason–my brother stays silent for a
reason.

But what about when you are able to put two and two together before the
police are able to? Because you were there as a witness? And the person you
suspect was behind some shady stuff knows that you have figured out their
shady past? So then they start pursuing you trying to discredit you and/or
kill/frame you daily? Then what? What would you do if you were me? Stay
silent? Run? Then my brother could just frame you or kill you and the
police would have no idea about the other side of the story until it’s too
late.

Some people don’t think I should devote as much time to this either, and I
honestly wish I didn’t have to. But the truth is I have no other choice at
this point because my brother never quits–and therefore this is necessary
if I ever want to not have to worry about my brother coming after me ever
again.

Them getting in my house is a huge freaking deal cuz they could try to
frame me yet again, not to mention everything else they’ve been doing to me.

If I had a choice, I wouldn’t be doing all this. But I don’t.

I’d much prefer to just live a normal life–but my brother won’t freaking
let me.

I wish I had any other male human being on this planet as a brother tbh.

Doing the right thing is never easy, but I’m hoping in the end it will be
worth it, and I'm hoping someone is looking over me.

(I’m going to be moving this readme to git to try and avoid tampering and
to avoid everything being read by people who have shown signs of covering
for my brother btw, (the last thing I need is everyone being on the same
page in their denials, etc) so watch out for that. Git has version
histories built into it that all can see)

My Analysis of TimelineFather

As for our father’s death, the whole reason our dad told us we had to move
out at the time was because of Cindy threatening to leave him or something.
The whole thing just seems like a plot between my brother and Cindy. Like
it’s just too convenient in a way. It’s almost as if it was all set up to
be that way. Like it gave Dusty an excuse to bounce as soon as he did as
well. I still don’t know why Cindy told our dad she wanted us to move out
to begin with in order to stay with our father either. Dusty and Cindy were
always close–even after she was going to divorce our father, from what I
recall. Like for me, that’s messed up that Cindy was going to divorce our
father when he was down like that and I have my father’s back in regards to
all that–plus, I rarely even talked to Cindy at the time. I wasn’t
impressed with Cindy’s biker bar and her having biker dudes over shortly
after his death, etc. Not to mention like everything that happened the day
of my father’s death.

How could Cindy have beat Annie and I to the hospital when she was
supposedly in Ogden at the time unless Dusty called her prior to calling
the paramedics? I know some of Dusty’s friends said he called them right
after he discovered our father or something too. I don’t know, I guess
Cindy could have been already on her way home or something but it’s almost
as if some time passed or something that isn’t accounted for, assuming you
take both Dusty’s and Cindy’s alibis at face value. Cindy said she was in
Ogden at her biker bar. Dusty said he went to the gas station nearby, which
was literally like 2 minutes away. So like a ten minute round trip or so.
And when he came back he found our dad that way. I’m assuming when he left
for the gas station our dad wasn’t there. Also it just seems too convenient
for them both to have not been there at the time. It’s as if they planned
it to be that way.

It’s almost as if Dusty called Cindy or something when he did first find
our father is all I’m saying–with the specific purpose of having her cover
for him on the autopsy. Then he waited to call the paramedics until Cindy
was in range. And he didn’t goto the hospital cuz he already knew our dad
was dead essentially, either that or I guess he could have been busy being
questioned by the police, idk if the police even really questioned him
though tbh. But yea, then it’s almost as if Dusty played the victim to
avoid being asked too much about his discovery of our father from anybody.
And it worked cuz at the time, nobody really even questioned Dusty. Cindy,
Dusty, and possibly Shawn would likely have known that had it been Cindy
who had found our father, more questions would have been raised. I recall
Cindy used to always watch Law and Order.

I just don’t get Dusty’s infatuation with Cindy. I will say, when those
guys would stay up and drink together, my father would either not be around
or else he’d go to sleep early. So I could totally see Shawn and Cindy
talking with Dusty about something like all this late one night and Dusty
even taking Cindy’s side over our father’s. Cindy had been charged with
like fraud or something a few years prior as an insurance broker, losing
her license. While I like Cindy, I have always looked at her and Shawn as
being a little shady, and I’ve always looked at Cindy as somewhat of a gold
digger. And all this just made me question how convenient an occurrence it
really was for her to have my father die right when he did given their
ongoing divorce discussions at the time. (I do believe my father had a
prenup in place with Cindy) I wouldn’t be surprised if Dusty and Cindy did
something together late one night either–but I have no knowledge of
anything of the sort. I don’t know what Dusty was referring to about our
dad was almost going to change his trust before he died, when he said that
repeatedly at the time, or how my brother even would have known that given
our dad only ever really talked to me about his trust once that I recall,
(he said i’d likely be getting a house or something) I think our dad
intentionally didn’t talk to us too much about his trust for a reason. But
I would assume if my dad had been planning to change anything on his trust
at the time–then it would have likely been to remove Cindy. I’m really
hoping Dusty didn’t treat our father like he did Karie right before Karie
died, or like he’s now treating me.

My brother had demonized our dad prior to this point, he held resentment
towards our father both for not being there when we were little, and for
our father “making” Dusty follow in our father’s footsteps. (Our father
didn’t make Dusty do anything btw) I could totally see someone like Cindy
using psychology to amp up or leverage my brother’s resentment against our
father as well. I therefore do think part of my brother’s motivation is
also to ruin our father’s legacy, and to snub our father for “making” dusty
become a civil engineer, as you will see..

Sister

As for Karie’s death, Dusty and Cindy both hated Karie. I was always more
on Karie’s side, like I hung out with Karie more than I hung out with Cindy
after my father’s death–and even before our father’s death I tended to side
with Karie. Everyone that Dusty starts demonizing has seemingly died
btw–besides my mother who now covers for him. It’s almost as if Dusty got
smarter in Karie’s case, and realized it would be better for him if he
weren’t even around the person.

tbc

Me

I know my brother very well–you have got to take that into consideration
when considering all of this. I know him as well as anybody. I know when he
is lying. I know when he’s being shady. I know how smart he is. I also know
how he thinks he’s smarter than everybody. As for my brother’s subsequent
targeting of me, it all lines up–I simply know too much for my brother’s
comfort or something. I am now a liability to him/them. Plus he is jealous
and he doesn’t want me continuing my father’s legacy. In addition to the
potential monetary reasons. When my brother blamed my mother for him being
this way, he was blaming my mother for the fact that Dusty only really
cares about himself. Dusty has essentially admitted a lot of this in subtle
ways, ways in which only his victims would know the true meaning of–given
only his victims have the required context. But he always spreads it out
across at least 2 different platforms. For instance, I recall shortly after
first accusing Dusty of all this over email, he replied over imessage just
out of the blue at one point “you’re smart” only to delete it after. Dusty
enjoys having his victims and only his victims know he is ultimately
responsible, it must make him feel powerful or something.

I suspect Dusty went into sleeper mode when I purchased Taylor’s commercial
building, which Cindy did seem to be questioning whether it was the right
thing for Taylor to do at our purchase finalization dinner that Dusty
didn’t show up to, even though if I recall correctly, the whole reason
Taylor wanted to sell it to begin with was due to Cindy convincing Taylor
of the value of annuities. I recall Dusty wasn’t really happy about me
purchasing it shortly thereafter either–but I had that dinner for a
reason–to ensure Taylor really wanted to sell it after having ample time to
think it through and to see the unit she was selling first hand in person
alongside me.

I think Dusty started distancing himself from me at this time based on all
he’s learned in the past and all he was planning to do to me. He realized
it would be better for him if he didn’t associate with me if he were going
to start coming after me, to avoid questioning later.

tbc


As for any questions about me.

I’ll just say I wasn’t really even into computers at the time of my dads
death so I had no way to know about the dark web nor how to get anything
like that at the time—nor did I have any motive. Dusty has always been into
computers and programming and Dusty has always been all butt hurt about the
past. I’ve never been all butt hurt about anything relating to the past
really–Dusty is just that way. I don’t hold any resentment towards my
father whatsoever—I honestly really wish my father were still around to
help me get through this today. And I wish he were around longer just in
general so I could have learned from him more than I did—which I’ve said
numerous times previously. Plus, I wouldn’t have pushed for an autopsy had
I had something I was concerned about them finding in my father—it really
is that simple. How was Cindy so sure our father overdosed that day
anyways? Seems like a smear campaign meant to cover up the truth to me—the
whole ordeal seems fishy to me–especially when you consider what’s been
happening to me lately..

As for karie, I mean I’m the one who thanked her for being our trustee on
her deathbed, and for helping me get through college. If I held that much
resentment towards karie, it would show—but it doesn’t—because I don’t.
Dusty still hates Karie to this very day. I also will say I’m not the one
who grabbed her by her freaking bald head while she were at her weakest
point on her deathbed as if I were happy she were in that horrible state
and I’m not the one infatuated with sending “signals”—my brother is. I
don’t hide that I’m a programmer now either—I code my ass off but it’s
mostly all for rent dynamics as all the GitHub reporting shows. One person
can only code so much at the end of the day. Plus I’ve never been a
hacker—i haven’t had time to. I’m not the one who takes time off around
all the deaths in my family either. I’m not the one who freakin starts a
fake recording studio just to act as a front to what I’m really doing. And
I’m not the one who stopped being a civil engineer just to spite my father.
Like what more do you even need to know? I treated karie with the dignity
and respect she deserved. Plus I don’t recall my brother even showing me
the dark web until right around the time karie died anyways. (Not sure on
the exact date he showed us that, but even if it was right before she
died—I didn’t dig into it myself really until Dusty started coming after me
years later like I said—just to see what he may be capable of later) I
honestly wish karie were still around to help me through all this as well.

It’s a complex dynamic, just like with any family. But looking back over
everything, do I think my brother would frame me? Now I freaking do—hell
yea—that’s what’s so shocking to me in all this. It’s like my brother has
been like this imposter all along—only ever truly caring about himself. (He
seems to care about Cindy too I guess—which is just so odd to me—like Cindy
is the only parent/step parent he has never ever talked down on like ever)
Its devastating to now find out that even my only 100 percent full
brother/sibling has likely never ever really even truly loved me—even the
years I thought he loved me—I was wrong. It hurts. And that’s why this is
such a big freaking deal to me is because I now know these guys will try
and frame me for what I now suspect they’ve done, and they actually know
what they’ve done whereas I still don’t know what substances they are
using, I can only give my best guess based on what they’ve since done to
me—so again they have the upper hand, let alone everything else they have
been doing to me beyond just trying to frame me. And I’m only one person at
the end of the day. I refuse to be my brother's “fall” guy, that’s
apparently what he’s been trying to make me for years now—and the evidence
clearly shows that. Guess where I learned the term “fall guy”? My brother.

These guys clearly know how to do all this in a way to where little
questions are asked and where they are able to get away with stuff and
avoid questioning themselves. Now that they are faced with someone who
actually knows what they have done, I mean they’ve changed their strategy a
little bit but seemingly not all that much. If anything, they’ve set the
whole thing up to where I would inevitably know what they’ve done
eventually and on their timing. I’ve now seen their different strategies
play out again and again first hand, and I’m now being tortured
daily/discredited daily as a result—hence why I have now reached the
conclusions I have is because my brother has essentially forced me to reach
these conclusions. Why else would they be coming after me? It is my brother
I know that it is–I know my brother better than arguably anybody. If they
were goody two shoes at the end of the day they wouldn’t even know how to
come after me to begin with. (Kinda like how I don’t even know where to
even begin in going after my brother) If I were them on the other hand, I
would have way more options than what I have right now—and “faking” a
gangstalking would be among the worst of my options. Seems if I were them
it would have to be a fake, and if I were them I would have all the options
they do. (To be clear–I’ve never faked anything)

Let’s take a look at all their options real quick:


 1.

 “Fucking stop”, as I’ve begged them to do numerous times now thereby
 giving me no real reason to turn them in or even really suspect them in the
 first place really. If I were them—I would have definitely taken this
 option.
 2.

 Kill me to silence me, then they could plant something or something to
 try and discredit me as well.
 3.

 Frame me using all their advanced insight, resources, and hacking
 abilities
 4.

 What else? Write to the police everything they’ve done line by line in
 real time accusing me? Yea right. They know that would backfire on them
 bigly assuming they are guilty.
 5.

 Try to discredit me/make me look crazy by gangstalking ME
 6.

 “Fake” like THEY are victims of gangstalking THEMSELVES to try and make
 it look like it’s not them when nobody had even accused them of anything
 anyways? Yea fucking right. That would only discredit them anyways.
 7.

 Force me out of town, force me to quit my jobs, etc; like they have been
 trying to do, along with framing me, gangstalking me, discrediting me, and
 trying to kill me. (Essentially an “all the above” option among those above
 that are even noteworthy—all the noteworthy options besides the “fucking
 stop” option—this “all the above” option is the option they have seemingly
 chosen)


As opposed to my one option:


 1.

 Trust your instincts, your gut, and what the evidence is showing as to
 what these people are doing to you every single fucking day, trust what you
 suspect they have likely also done to your family given how they are now
 doing it to you repeatedly, etc, and figure out a way to document
 everything fully and get it all to the police despite all the hacking—while
 risking potential insanity allegations, risking losing all your assets,
 risking being framed, risking your life, etc, etc—all in hopes of actually
 being able to have a desirable/just/happy life/outcome again one day that
 will also help protect the rest of your family.


Thats it. That’s my option. That’s exactly what I’m doing btw.

I for damn sure wouldn’t be writing all this in real time if I were them.
And I for damn sure wouldn’t live in Logan anymore starting a long time ago
if I were them. (Kinda like Dusty and Cindy both bounced shortly after my
fathers death) I hope you see the pattern in that the people being targeted
come to Logan for safety, both to ensure whoever is doing all this is held
accountable one day and because we feel safest here. The people doing the
attacking on the other hand are going to feel safest elsewhere—it’s just
human nature. Plus, there really is only one group of people who HAVE NOT
been poisoned or killed left standing, out of the natural divides within my
father’s family, in my opinion—if I were you, I would look to the remaining
tribe for suspects, you know, the tribe who has not had all this bad shit
happening to them..

I’ll give you a clue, I’m the only one left in the hacked/poisoned/killed
tribe of my fathers family—I always sided with my father over Cindy—same
with Karie. Dusty has always sided with Cindy.

I’m also quite shocked Dusty thought so little of my cognitive ability and
my ability to protect myself and my family.

As of December 16, 2021

I suspect they followed me to Cache Valley Bank today, around 1:46pm.

As of December 17, 2021

I woke up with my right arm burning today. (Which was the side I was laying
on in bed) They may have gotten in my house again, I read in gangstalking
it’s common for them to use tunnels. I also read it’s common for them to
use microchips. Not saying that’s what they are doing though. I do suspect
them putting something on my bedding is what may have contributed to my
loss of hair on my legs previously and my arm burning this morning–well
that and/or all the emf stuff.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17bzBc6v8X\_Oijsj2hLYF4LJavrScWmaU?usp=sharing
(Notice how the missing hair coincides with where my bare legs would touch
my bedding on any given night)

Again sometimes they’ll do false flag operations. Or operations
specifically intended to make me look bad knowing I’ll likely report what
happens to me.

To get to the bottom of all this, you could try having a sincere talk with
that child abuser guy who has seemingly been a part of it since the very
beginning—at least in regards to what’s been happening to me anyway–and if
you are able to find out everything he knows without letting him mislead
you at all then I think you could honestly find out a lot. Just a thought.
That eagles incident is pretty damning after all, not to mention everything
else I can link back to that guy and how I can link him back to my brother
through all the hacking, eagles incident, kid coming over repeatedly on
dates that only someone who is deeply familiar with me would know, all the
intimidation, deletion of videos, etc, etc. (At least preliminarily)

Not only do they fine tune their attacks to the individual–they seem to
fine tune their attacks to the individual circumstances at the time of that
particular individual. I have no doubt they could figure out a way to
attack any person through all their hacking and intel.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17bzBc6v8X\_Oijsj2hLYF4LJavrScWmaU?usp=sharing


As of December 18, 2021

Power bill was up again for no reason in November when I just checked,
after I started leaving all my power breakers on again starting probably ⅓
of the way through November. (Meaning it could have even been higher than
this if all my breakers had been on like normal for the full month of
November)

It’s as if someone is somehow somewhere drawing from my power or
something.. (Attic or garage or electrical meter maybe? None of which were
covered in bug sweep—I don’t think the guy even really bug sweeped my water
heater tbh)

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1D0GBUhN7OuX4ylzVuDL1PS2t0lnAX7Xw/view?usp=sharing

As of December 20, 2021

I’m breaking out in hives today on my back. See what I amended above under
the “as of November 12, 2021” heading for more info. I’ll add a similar
but more elaborate quote of what I put above here:

 -

 as of 12/20/2021— I suspect they’ve now moved back to external
 poisonings which won’t even wash off—not even with rubbing alcohol or apple
 cider vinegar—and which aren’t immediately apparent you’ve been
 attacked–but have a similar texture/feeling when they are on your hands.
 (So now I got to figure out what in the hell will successfully wash off
 this new substance and all the chemistry or whatever involved with soaps
 and different kinds of oils, etc, etc—if I want to freaking get it off me
 fully–read the bullet points below–I guess it’s in my best interest NOT to
 research this or continue trying to get it off me at his point after all)
 -

 A better description of their overall pattern is that they will always
 fine tune what they are doing or evolve what they are doing at any given
 time using all their intel gleaned through all their hacking. (So what they
 are doing constantly changes based on their latest intel—a lot of times
 they’ll change up what they are doing just to try and make me look bad or
 to try and make a statement I have made previously proven false, like going
 back to external poisonings after I said in general they seem to be going
 from external to internal over time—what I should have said is they always
 evolve what they are doing based on their latest intel) Now that is
 something I can say definitively that they won’t be able to then turn
 around and try and make me look bad about, is their methods are always
 changing based on their latest intel essentially, to best suit them and to
 best suit the picture they are trying to paint or whatever their end game
 is.. They also constantly exploit vulnerabilities as well—both in the
 digital and the physical realm.
 -

 By exploiting vulnerabilities in the physical realm I mean for instance
 they’ll get in my safe leading me to get a new more secure safe then
 they’ll steal my keys, or else they’ll start emf-ing me until I figure out
 a way to block it successfully, then they’ll use like a different type of
 emf like ef or rf which goes right through the existing defenses I have in
 place, or else they’ll reposition their attacks at that time to maybe come
 in at another angle that I hadn’t covered all that well, and once I figure
 out how to block all that then they’ll start infrasounding me instead which
 requires a whole different approach to try and block out, etc—all with the
 intent of having a continuous ongoing pressure or torture (It’s an
 intelligence game of my brothers like I said, it requires knowledge of all
 sorts of different things to advance on to the next stage and I am being
 forced to play for my life essentially—and I never even signed up for this
 to begin with—and it keeps getting harder)
 -

 I can now see it. My brother is essentially forcing me through these
 steps making me learn these things to frame me, only he’s doing it by
 actually doing these things to me—knowing his search history will never be
 found and mine will. ⚠️ But that would only help him for future murders
 essentially.. (Cuz I just searched how to get wax off my skin starting
 just yesterday or the day before when I woke up with hives and I noticed I
 had a waxy substance on my hands yet again that wouldn’t come off for days
 starting when I said I suspect they were still getting in my house—which is
 why I said that..) I guess framing me is yet another way for him to dismiss
 all my allegations against him. Then he poisons me every time I go out to
 essentially reinforce me to stay home and therefore not have anyone who can
 vouge for me. It’s like reverse psychology or something. This is a
 fucking nightmare tbh.
 -

 See photos of my back and neck
 -


 https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17bzBc6v8X\_Oijsj2hLYF4LJavrScWmaU?usp=sharing

 -

 Signing off for now, now that I think I have figured out what my brother
 is ultimately up to–I mean it makes sense. I’ve seen signs of them trying
 to frame me before. And now I write all this and can see it all in a
 relatively short overview and yea, I think that’s what is ultimately going
 on here. Now I’ve got to ponder on how I can best defend against being
 framed going forward. I think the best way to defend against it is to
 entrust that’s really what he’s ultimately trying to do and just ignore it
 whenever I am poisoned/whenever I do have some strange substance on my hand
 out of nowhere. (They can put that stuff anywhere, on doorknobs for
 instance, and it’s not even immediately noticeable, etc) If I die from
 what’s left on my hand/body then I dunno, I guess so be it–but even then he
 could blame me for it–omg. #worstbrotherever
 -

 No wonder Dusty told me I’d regret not having people around me
 previously..
 https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MPPe0Tox0-VSfmKER74yayxrx0fpWK4C/view?usp=sharing

 -

 I’ll try and provide all the references to this doc when I get a sec but
 then I’m better off having my devices shut off I think–I don’t want Dusty
 to hurt anybody in my name–regardless of what I have to do to prevent that
 from happening. I think that’s my best move given the circumstances.
 -

 Happy Holidays all, wish me luck. 🎄🎅✌️


As of December 22, 2021

I think it’s in my best interest to keep writing these given I think they
are trying to frame me so what I notice could make the difference between
someone else’s life and death.

I went to Murray today to pick up my Lexus. They did a good job at cleaning
it but I don’t think they actually changed the signature of my key because
after I picked it up I had to get gas to make it back to Logan and in the
middle of me getting gas my car locked for no reason. I suspect the
attackers were there at the gas station across from Larry h miller Lexus in
Murray.

I also think it’s in my best interest not to go outside Logan anymore for a
while—well after I fix my key. I just called them, the word must not have
gotten passed on to the service advisor correctly—he said he could do it in
an hour and a half as soon as tomorrow. I think I might do that cuz it’s in
my best interest for them not to have ready access to my car at any given
point—especially whereas they stole my keys.

I do also think it’s best for me to keep my computers off for the most
part. I tried resetting my one computer back to an old operating system
which doesn’t respect the option rom’s hashing algorithm and therefore
shouldn’t be fooled by any malware on the option rom that would be there if
the computer is rooted as I suspect, but it’s still a work in progress. And
even once I get passed that I still need a non infected network.
Thunderstrike 2 essentially roots itself to be loaded first thing, before
anything else. That’s how they are able to make it persist across factory
resets. I figured out that you’ve got to go back to macOS Sierra or earlier
to make it so thunderstrike2 virus cannot fool the new operating system
installation into thinking the option rom is valid signed apple software
when it’s not—cuz the older versions don’t even check they just overwrite
the option rom software regardless essentially, based on my research
anyways. Then you got to make sure you are doing the installation on a non
infected network so they can’t reinfect it while it’s installing, and you
got to make sure you have a clean boot drive with a non corrupted version
of macOS downloaded from a non infected network. (Preferably) Then once you
go back to a clean version of like macOS Sierra or earlier and you are
confident the option rom efi has been rewritten, then you can install a new
fresh clean version of something like Big Sur or Monterey. And even still
it’s only a matter of connecting to the wrong network again and you could
be reinfected—and if you are me—that could spell doom for you if so. So you
got to completely lock it down while you are confident it’s clean, so that
way it should take them longer to get it as reinfected as it was previously
again. (Take them longer to go through the privilege escalation steps, etc)

Someone just called me on one of my phones as I was typing this as well—no
response when I answered. They’ve got to be planning something to try and
frame me or something. It’s not hard when they know literally everything
about me and in real time. I wish the police had that much capability tbh.

My brother texted me today as well. He always texts me at odd times. Like
the last time he texted me was the day of the bug sweep—then his text was
deleted right after I noticed he had texted and said something about it to
the bug sweep guy. I’ve got to figure out a way to block my brother again,
this time he texted me on my recently reset iphone so that’s probably why
he wasn’t blocked again yet on this phone at least. (I reset it trying to
get rid of the malware to no avail) In a way what he’s doing with all the
hacking, etc, does set me up to look suspicious when in reality I’m just
trying to avoid being a victim of his myself. I hope the police are
vigilant in this investigation and don’t just go after the low hanging
fruit cuz from what I gather, my brother is specifically trying to make me
look like low hanging fruit. At the end of the day you can put me away all
you want and it’s not going to resolve the underlying issue at hand—cuz
it’s not me—it’s him. I swear on my dog's grave/soul that it’s not me.
Dusty seemingly does this shit for a living and he’s good at it. I’m just
trying to help.

I still don’t even know what he put in my garage the last time Dusty was at
my house with me, when he brought his shady friend Tom Finn, and when they
first started acting all hostile towards me. But I have a feeling whatever
it was wasn’t good. If I knew what it was I’d give it to you.

Think what you want about the following pics/doc, but just know when the
bug sweeper guy saw this—he knew it wasn’t just in my head. If it were in
my head—I wouldn’t have had to make it this complex and feature specific.
This is where I have to sleep at nights these days if I want to get any
sleep at all. Each thing has a specific purpose—but even still they still
have been getting through at times. Just know, I wouldn’t be sleeping in
this unless I had to. I want a family one day after all, this isn’t
necessarily the best thing to have to sleep in if you want to pick up
chicks. As of most recently, I’ve found out a lot of the directed energy
stuff is coming from above, that’s what the heat signatures are saying at
least. (So it’s coming from either my attic or else a satellite, etc)

https://docs.google.com/file/d/16E4WgZUy9mRhwrt\_esRTI0mbFfGXf0Y7/edit?usp=docslist\_api&filetype=msword


P.s. I used to do painkillers but I quit—I wouldn’t have come forward with
all this if I were on drugs. I used to be frustrated with my neighbors for
acting all suspicious of my garage and some for being rude to my dog turbo
until I realized I was likely framed by Dusty and Tom Finn putting
something in my garage. I had my frustrations with karie--we all did. The
difference is I'm open about it. But at the end of the day my love for
karie was far greater than my frustrations with karie. And I've never been
one to want to harm others. I suspect my brother is the opposite. I’m
concerned about Dusty’s actions more than his words. Me coming forward with
all this should be a testament to the fact that I care about karie and my
father. Sometimes I simply don't know how to best get that point across. I
do love Mormons otherwise I wouldn’t have put them on my trust. Imagine
being completely innocent and being in my position. Like regardless of what
you think, just imagine that I am completely innocent and all this is
really happening to me for a second. It's as if Dusty has set me up to be
his fall guy or else he wants me dead. Think how terrifying that would
feel. I’m not perfect but I do my best with the cards I have been dealt.

As of December 23, 2021

I woke up in the middle of the night last night with my bowels and stomach
feeling as though they were about to explode. I went to the bathroom and
recall smelling a combination of almonds and diesel fuel. I didn’t eat
almonds nor drink diesel fuel. Could be just a coincidence, idk, but I
found it odd.

They may have gotten in my car one more time before the key signature was
changed, idk. All I know is that was strange to me, like not normal. Those
were main symptoms I experienced and I started feeling a little better
today.

I got my car key signature changed out today—the only issue I’ve since
realized is these guys still have my damn physical key (seems they stole m
whole keychain previously) so they can still get in my car manually.

God it sucks being targeted by this group. It’s like you can’t even make
one mistake or you are screwed and have to sell your car or get a new
computer, phone, safe, etc—and they aren’t even going to get caught for
most everything they do to me.

I’ve come to realize I may very well be one of the luckiest persons to
still be alive and in decent health. They’ve tried poisoning me so many
different times now in so many different ways—it’s insane. Not to mention
all the emf/infrasound stuff and all their tampering with my house, etc.
I’ve just made sure to try and be as careful as possible just in general
and then I always try and wash it off as best I can each time I’ve had
reason to suspect I may have just been poisoned. Either I’m extremely lucky
or they are actively trying to frame/discredit me or both. I will say some
of the times I do feel like I most definitely could have died however. I’m
still concerned about my lack of hair growth too, like I don’t even know
what could possibly cause that—it’s been that way on my calves for
literally months now. (Since before I ever even started trying to combat
all the emf stuff) Like what would possibly cause my hair to not grow
anymore in certain areas like that?



As of December 24, 2021 - December 25, 2021

Latest conversation with Dusty

https://drive.google.com/file/d/12iVLI0D29-ZnEviikAiJthOsn25gUbJo/view?usp=sharing

I have reason to suspect Dusty may be trying to hack my mind. That’s what
all the EMF stuff is for essentially. They can shift the magnetic polarity
of my brain and cause me to be sedated using all the EMF stuff, then they
can brute force my brain to try and decode its signals using a combination
of a microchip and AI. That’s what happens when you are sedated is it
reverses the magnetic polarity of your brain–only through whatever drug
they give you. There has been research done that demonstrates this can also
be done with a strong enough magnet or EMF. I have experienced sleeping for
a lot longer durations of time as of the last few months since all this
started. It seems to change day to day based on my level of EMF protection
on any given night. (I sleep less when I have more protection)

I also have reason to suspect I may have actually been microchipped
previously, likely when getting my second covid shot in May if so. There’s
records of me having heart aches right after that time—although I couldn’t
get my Kardia mobile to show my heart beating irregular at the time—that’s
when I bought it actually. I recall the second needle seemed a lot bigger
than the first too. My mom had gotten the appointments for me when I
couldn’t find any appointments myself. (Avoid smiths marketplace pharmacy
for shots) I now suspect the microchip could be how they know where I’m at
at all times, how they know exactly where to point the EMF, etc, etc.

My brother has always been into nanotechnology too which is scary. He also
started trying to tell me how important it is to have rich friends or
whatever before all this began.

More info on suspected mind hacking/microchip hypothesis: 👇👇

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ubgIsPG6MQ5S1Apkb4MCGLP1pwJhTi2EMG0b6rhEFK0/edit?usp=sharing

I told you they can hack literally anything and everything.

I get it sounds crazy—but it’s all part of the gangstalking playbook. This
is not what I’m into on my off time. I’ve never been into any of this stuff
before. I’ve never been into nanotechnology.

Plus I’m only suggesting this now cuz the latest evidence is now suggesting
that to be the case—having already ruled everything else out. I’ve tried
psych meds and they didn’t change anything in terms of my emf symptoms at
night. (I.e. we ruled it out) I’m drug tested randomly at my doctors office
and that’s not it either. Like I’m trying my hardest to get this all to
stop—believe me—it’s completely dehabilitating at times and it is
threatening my whole career. I’ve tried everything. But that’s the thing,
it has nothing to do with me—it has everything to do with my brother. So
nothing I can do can get it to stop. At the end of the day all I can do is
base why they are coming after me on my own intuition; and whereas I’m not
doing anything wrong or illegal myself that I can just stop to get it to
stop that I’m aware of—my intuition therefore tells me my brother is doing
all this for his own selfish reasons. He’s good at manipulating people to
get what he wants and pretending to be someone he’s not. What he wants in
this case seems to be to discredit me, to do away with me, and/or to make
me his pawn so that he can get off scott free. Why else would he be doing
all this to me? My brother is just a control freak and he enjoys playing
god in other peoples lives I’ve learned—particularly the lives of his
family—and he got caught. Plus he thinks it’s funny.

Dusty is like one of those invasive bird species that end up knocking all
the other eggs out of the nest.

https://youtu.be/z5JjTls5kUI


I’ve worked at my job for almost 9 years now—full time. And now I’m being
harassed to the point where it’s hard to do anything anymore.

You could look at it as oh, his brother is really an angel and it must all
just be him. But that would be dismissing all the bad shit that has
happened to me lately that I have gotten definitive proof of that had
nothing to do with me, it would be dismissing all the oddities like the kid
being sent to my door repeatedly out of nowhere right after that guy was
stalking me and pulled a gun on me/my dog died and always on key dates, the
people breaking in my house who were clearly highly disciplined and who
clearly had tons of intel, etc, etc, it would be dismissing all the hacking
of myself and seemingly everyone around me, it would be dismissing all the
things my brother has done to me and my family over the years and
everything I can tie back to him, it would be dismissing how shady he’s
been just in general and how he fits the profile of someone who would want
to see my demise, (assuming I’m right on him doing these same things to our
family which would make sense whereas he’s now doing these things to me) it
would be dismissing how my brother wouldn’t even deny being a serial killer
or being in a gang when I asked him directly repeatedly, and at the end of
the day it would be completely contrary to the truth and the overall
patterns and facts over time.

I don’t think just cuz dusty treated his dog right necessarily means he’s
not what I’m accusing him of. I think it’s more tribal and complex than
that. I have no doubt Dusty treats his new “people” right—including their
dogs. But why did he feel the need to get his own “people” to begin with?
Why did he begin treating my dog like shit?

It’s an overall pattern of behavior that is disturbing with my brother—he’s
just gotten good at it over time. And he’s doing exactly what is necessary
to combat someone who has learned the truth.

Most our siblings agree Dusty doesn’t have a conscience. I haven’t heard
anyone say that about me. So then it becomes a question of what are Dusty’s
capabilities and I’m telling you right now—his capabilities seem to surpass
the capabilities of the police—at least in terms of hacking, real-time
monitoring, etc, etc.

I know his capabilities first hand and I know how he is both extremely
capable and extremely driven to try and frame me or kill me or discredit
me, based on past experiences. Good luck trying to defend against some
charges for something some hacker did on your devices, or something some
gangstalking group left in your house and then turned you in for—it would
be almost impossible to defend.

It’s just saddening to me that there’s the path I took in life, and now the
path my brother has seemingly taken in life—and who has the advantage at
this time? That’s right—the person who took the shady path in life has the
advantage. I can’t hack him and try and frame him or corrupt the people
around him or set him up to get microchipped—so I’m left to my own
devices—and shutting off my devices to try and protect against what I know
my brother is capable of at this time. (Which then makes me look shady, but
tbh it’s tough shutting off my devices whereas that’s my whole life before
all this started)

Look at it this way, if you look at mine and Dusty’s conversations on a
high level starting in 2019. (Hacking and poisoning folder referenced
above) Who is the one trying to convince me to hate my mom? Who is the one
trying to convince me to then hate my siblings, once he started making
leeway with me on my mom? Who is the one making up all these lies about our
family to try and manipulate me into hating my family? Who is the one
telling me I should read books on psychology and then negatively
reinforcing me until I do? Who is the one telling me I should post to
social media more amidst all this? Who is the one who came up with a bogus
reason for me to help him just so he could hack me? Who is the one who
wanted me to quit my job for some odd reason around the same time? Who is
the one who subsequently said he thinks my dog should die? Who is the one
telling me I’m going to regret not having more people around me—right after
he was actively trying to get me to distance myself from all the people
around me? Therefore, who is the one who clearly has some endgame in mind?
It’s not me—I just want to live my life. And based on Dusty’s means of
manipulating me, and his trying to isolate me—his end game doesn’t seem all
that noble. And that’s all just on a high level, dismissing literally
everything else.

I could care less what Dusty does so long as he’s not out there hacking,
corrupting, murdering, and framing people—especially family. The only thing
I can think of that I’ve encouraged him to do with any real emphasis in the
last few years is for him and his new “people” to stop fucking coming after
me—he’s trying to ruin my whole life. And he enjoys it. He enjoys
outsmarting people. (Including and especially the police)

On the other hand, who is the one being completely transparent with
everyone including the police—the good, the bad, and the ugly? That one is
me. Cuz I would really like this resolved and soon whereas what my brother
is doing is against the law and he’s violating my constitutional rights as
a citizen and he’s been completely fucking up my whole life and the lives
of my loved ones—and nobody else is willing to stand up to him that I have
found really. Plus, I’ve always been highly transparent just in general,
that’s just who I am as a person—even my brother knows that and he uses it
against me. Again, if I were on drugs I would not have reported all this.
All I know is all this is not going to stop until Dusty gets caught
period—even if he gets passed me.

P.s. I plan to goto the doctor to try and either confirm or deny this
latest microchip hypothesis of mine, although it’s possible we will do an
X-ray and not find anything at first when in reality something could still
be there but the key is I keep learning and ruling things out and following
the evidence and ultimately getting closer to the truth. (I mean it makes
sense there would almost have to be at least one microchip involved given
what they have been doing to me, but we will see..) I might need to get
multiple opinions though. But worst case I figure I’m only as bad as all
the people who were scared to get covid shots over microchip concerns to
begin with–only in my case I now have reason to believe I may have actually
already gotten one. And worst case I learn something which will help me
figure out what to try next. But right now how I feel is I should have
given these claims about microchips being a possible outcome of getting a
covid shot more credibility to begin with myself..

My overall plan:

https://bit.ly/cwg-plan



Merry Christmas All.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SVV0PWZCWpIVJgEVWsqFL0Yh7YAOQf19/view?usp=drivesdk
(I actually got turbos DNA sequenced so I can clone him later on in life,
once I make it through all this—I do miss turbo a lot—but I don’t want to
bring any living being into this hell I’ve been being forced to live
lately. I didn’t even do anything to my brother either yet he like always
has to show me it’s him who’s responsible for these people coming after me
but in ways that aren’t necessarily prosecutable—like he did again the
other day—he essentially flaunts how smart he is right in front of
everyone. But I don’t get what axe he has to grind with me—he’s like super
aggressive for no reason the last few years especially to his family. I
don’t know who he’s trying to show off for..)

As of December 27, 2021

They are blasting me with radiation nightly—like that one isn’t even
questionable anymore. What are you going to do when I get cancer or
something bad happens to me? Just say oh well and go on with your daily
lives? Like I don’t get why more people aren’t completely outraged by all
this. I get it’s scary and hard to prove but still—I also get the sense
most people do believe me to a certain degree.

Tbh if I had to guess the name of my brothers gang off the top of my head,
I’d guess MS13. I’d guess my brother after he got fired from his job as a
civil engineer got pulled into a gang by Tom Finn while my brother was
down, and maybe dusty shared some of his shady past in regards to our
family with Tom at the time, and it was like a match made in heaven, or
hell I should say. And now you’ve got a genius expert hacker practically
running MS13 and calling the shots daily. (I mean it would make sense, if
my brother is in a gang he’s likely a killer, who’s to say he wasn’t
already a killer? You guys should have seen the way dusty started talking
previously when he was disparaging our whole family—I’ll have to share all
my gang references soon..)

An alternate hypothesis of mine is dusty knew I knew the truth so after he
initially hacked me—he went seeking help from someone that he could
convince to actually help him against me. And that someone could have even
been Russia. (I had looked into their social media troll farms in regards
to our elections previously) But that doesn’t account for him talking like
he were in a gang, posting shit about Ogden gangster, Tom Finn, etc, etc,
all around that same time.

Or maybe he just found some fellow crooked dark web people and told them
straight lies about me, (like the lies he made up when disparaging our
whole family previously) or a combination of all three. I’m still trying to
figure out exactly who he is affiliated with these days that’s the thing.
Nobody knows it seems.

The infrasound is coming from the neighbors btw—I know cuz whenever I hear
a car drive by it stops for about thirty seconds—only to continue on after
the car has driven by. (At least last night it did) Lead is the only thing
I’ve found that stops it from messing with my heart like I shared
previously—and only when I’m completely surrounded 360 degrees by it. (Like
no gaps whatsoever can be present) I know this cuz I can still hear the
infrasound/subwoofer through my protection.

As for the microchips, I don’t f-ing know, I was just saying like these
guys have no limits they won’t cross and I had symptoms suggesting that and
it makes sense with all their other hacking and with my brothers passion
for nanotechnology since he was a kid. And it sounded like a tracker in my
ear particularly when driving a rental car this last week—which I’ve paid
more attention to since; plus, they likely wouldn’t have had any other
tracking mechanism in place at the time so I’m now extremely concerned
about a microchip in particular especially if I’m going to try to leave. In
addition to all the other reasons I listed above for why I now suspect a
microchip. I had the same eye symptoms again last night btw—I had
accidentally disturbed my protection while sleeping and they got through. I
have an appointment with the doctor tomorrow. I really do sense they are
beginning to uncrack my mind tho—like just warning everyone—which is why I
have a newfound sense of urgency. I could be wrong on the microchip one, I
guess we will see, but if so it still doesn’t mean I’m wrong on everything
else.

Gangs will go to great lengths to track people—I just never knew they would
do it to non members. (Anyone who is a perceived threat I guess—it’s all in
my references—look it up—dusty asked me to come work with him and I
denied—and I didn’t even know he was in a gang at the time) Again, even how
he tried to introduce me to the gang he used plausible deniability, by
talking like a gangster at the time, distancing himself from everyone at
the time, not denying it when I asked—but never saying it directly.

I’m just trying to help ensure Logan doesn’t become a place rampant with
gangs and corruption and people who are made into zombies to do evil
peoples bidding essentially, and I’m trying to seek justice for my family
and to help save other peoples lives from what I now know first hand dusty
and his “people” are capable of. I sometimes wish more people would help. I
feel it could all come to an end sooner if so.

Dusty is smart but he’s always lacked common sense and he’s always been
over confident in how smart he is. Like it’s stupid for him to have even
devoted all his new gang’s resources towards coming after me to begin with,
whomever his gang may be. I was no threat to them at the time. Like what
the hell did he think was going to happen? If anything he’s helping ensure
the gang’s demise by going after someone who knows him so well—someone who
also happens to be a senior software engineer himself which seems to be my
brothers gang’s core competency. Yea I don’t specialize in security but my
brother has kinda made me almost have to specialize in security lately.

Dusty has let me know it’s him so many different times it’s not even funny.
They all like letting you know who is responsible—they just do it in ways
that would be hard to prosecute without showing all the patterns over time.
Some of which are more easily recognizable than others.

At least in my mind, I’m about as good a witness as you could possibly hope
for in trying to go after a gang kingpin who specializes in technology who
is clearly a threat to society—let alone this particular gang kingpin. I
therefore feel it would be wise for you and Logan in general to try and
help keep me alive and free from constant harassment.

Like we live in the United States of America for hell sakes—not Mexico—not
Cuba. This shit shouldn’t be tolerated here. If this continues—all of Logan
could become corrupted. And I always thought Logan was one of the better
places in the whole country in terms of crime fighting, corruption, etc.
We’ve just got to adapt and overcome to the newly emerging threats of
tomorrow is how I see it.

I really wish Logan had a gang squad right about now tbh—again another
vulnerability they are seemingly exploiting.

Yea they do things to try and make me look crazy but that’s why I’ve been
going to see doctors, counselors, etc, to try and help counteract all that.
If you’d like to see me do anything further just let me know. Just realize
it’s common for anybody's hypothesis to change over time as more
information comes in—at least the non corrupt/non biased/non ignorant
people—plus, I try and base everything off of physical evidence—even if
it’s just like an emf reader, etc. At least it’s something—if you’ve got
any better ideas on how I can get evidence on emf or infrasound then please
let me know. I therefore really feel it’s about time more people besides me
begin to stand up to my brother. He can’t go after all of us after all.
Being silent in a way is contributing to the violence. Plus, I’ve gotten so
much evidence on him by now, it’s just a matter of presenting it right.
(And adding references which I’m working on)

I think the best way to go after them might be to do to my brother what he
does to me in terms of creating conflicts of interest with everyone I
affiliate with—only do that to dusty using ethical means. (I.e. threaten my
brothers suspected helpers with something else that will make them flip,
like their kids for instance)

Anyways, if you guys ever charge my brother with any crimes, I’d really
like to know about it so I can make decisions accordingly. Like even just
knowing exactly what gang he is affiliated with could help me exponentially
in terms of my ability to get away from them.

Please don’t make me regret not joining him.

P.s. Today I created a GRAMA request or freedom of information act request
requesting the utility usages of nearby houses in our neighborhood. Whether
they’ll approve my request or not, I guess we will see. But I would like to
take a look at a few houses electrical bills lately and how they’ve changed
compared to previous years around this same time. (Previous years when I
wasn’t being emf-d/infrasounded by whom I suspect to be some of our
neighbors) Of course there also can be legitimate reasons for utility bills
to fluctuate some but the more info the better in my mind.

P.s. I still haven’t gotten my onstar Lexus tracking mechanism/app working
yet btw. I got close after going to the dealership and trying again but
then the email with the new pin code they sent me to activate it never came
through I suspect because the hackers play middleman with my emails. I
still need to try again one more time. But if I’m right on the microchips,
then they wouldn’t even need to track my Lexus.

As of December 28, 2021

Added comment to video.

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1SVV0PWZCWpIVJgEVWsqFL0Yh7YAOQf19&disco=AAAATkozBFI

Went to doctor, they cannot detect nanometers on any xray or ct-scan or
ultrasound really is what I got out of it at least–only millimeters.
Whereas I believe any microchip to be nanotechnology, seems how I suspect
it would have had to have likely gone through my veins as part of my second
covid vaccine shot, and seems how my brother has always been into
nanotechnology himself, the doctor gave me a referral to go to ear doctor
next and try that–whom should have better magnification to try and look for
something like that inside my ear.

As of December 30, 2021

So I’ve been thinking, all this stuff that has been happening to me, all
this hacking and whatnot, you would think it would almost have to be
something like a hostile foreign government or specialized organization for
hire who is behind the bulk of all this given all their capabilities. (Some
core entity who also seems to hire other people—making it harder to track)
Maybe my brother hired Russia or something on the dark web to do his
bidding for him right after he hacked me initially?

I recall telling my manager around 2019 that it had appeared as though
Dusty had hacked me then it appeared as though he had subsequently sold my
information on the dark web because I had a case of credit card fraud and I
got a notice that some of my information was being sold online shortly
after Dusty originally hacked me. (I assume Dusty would have done that to
make it harder to ultimately trace the original hacking back to him)

But even still today there’s so many different ties back to my brother
Dusty to where that’s almost the only thing that would seemingly fit the
bill, from what I gather at this time anyways, is a hostile foreign
government or highly capable specialized organization hired by Dusty. I
have gotten the sense when something key happens or I tried talking back to
the hackers through my notes previously that their official response is
delayed, as if they have to relay the info back to someone else before
deciding what to do. Dusty himself recently said buying exploits on the
dark web is a good way to get hacked, maybe he’s right, but what about
buying a hacker/hitman/gangstalking organization or foreign government to
do all the hacking and whatnot for you on the dark web? That would make
sense why they are so brazen and why they won’t stop for anything too.

Idk, I’m still trying to figure it all out. All I know is they seem to show
signs of my brother ultimately being behind all this again and again but
then again they seem to have capabilities that only a hostile foreign
government or else some entity that specializes in only this for a living
would realistically have. (But then again what entity would have that much
resources and this much capability if not a foreign country? I guess I
haven’t moved yet so we will find out just how many resources they really
have)

They are so sophisticated in how they seemingly don’t constrain themselves
to just one social group either. Like they seem to span different social
groups either via taking advantage of rumors or via hiring different hitmen
or else they really do have like undercover people who live double lives or
who do only this for a living, deliberately across different social
sterotypes. (Which again makes it hard to track)

I just want to point out that at Rent Dynamics we hired Russian contractors
for some of our development needs previously, that could theoretically play
a factor in all this if it is Russia as well; however, it’s hard for me to
believe DSR, the Russian company we hired, is now doing all this to me. It
would have had no real reason to tmk, I was nice to DSR, but I did express
concerns about hiring the Russian contracting company in the first place
given what I had learned when working at Utah State University as an intern
including how Russia and China would constantly try and hack anything and
everything at the university. However since then I’ve totally calmed down
on everything Russia and I even had one of the DSR people on my team.

But whichever foreign power/specialized organization/gang/organized crime
organization this is–and however they came across me/wanting to attack
me–I really don’t think they are just trying to frame my brother Dusty.
Because Dusty seems to play right into everything that’s been going on with
me lately himself–to say the least. Like it seems like it’s a partnership
more than an attempted framing of Dusty.

I guess Dusty could be in on it from day to day, running operations, but
you would think someone would know about that if that’s really all he’s
doing at his recording studio. I guess he could just hire a bunch of
different people off the dark web and do his music stuff; but then who is
coordinating it all? That would have to be all dusty does if he really does
coordinate it all from day to day, and it would have to be a decent chunk
of all he’s ever done to build up that much capability over his lifetime.
If Dusty really is coordinating it all on a day to day basis, why hasn’t he
been caught yet? That’s all I’m saying. That’s why I think it might be a
hired specialized entity or country, with just mere occasional input from
dusty. But then again this did all start for me at least when Dusty opened
up his recording studio and distanced himself from everybody in 2019.

Anyways, what I’m experiencing now is what one might expect to experience
if a hostile foreign government or some highly capable entity were
realistically trying to hack a person’s mind through one or more microchips
using AI to encode/decode the mind in various stages, and to map it all out.

First I suspect they brute forced my brain by emf/ef/rf-ing me, in part I
suspect to try and make sense of all the different electrical signals
within my brain/nervous system on a high level, that initial brute forcing
lasted a period of 2-3 months. I suspect it took that long because I
suspect there were some variances in their AI due to any variances with my
prescriptions from day to day. Next they started tapping into my eyes
somehow, making my eyes either go completely black when they were wide
open, or else making them begin to just show signs of something going on
between the feed of my eyes to my brain at nighttimes while they were
EMFing me and still getting through, it’s honestly hard to explain, but
that lasted for a period of 2 nights thus far. Since then they seem to have
been targeting me while I’ve been awake now, in particular, they keep
targeting me when I’m standing up peeing now, as if to try and get a
signature on whatever happens in your brain when you stand up and pee. (You
can feel it when they are targeting you, they use infrasound and EMF, both
of which you can actually feel and they always target my head) They seem to
be like trying to stop me from peeing to be even more precise.

I can try and delay their overall process of hacking my mind by turning off
literally all of my electrical breakers anytime I have to pee which makes
it so I can pee in peace–at this time at least–but I assume this process
will continue on in stages until they are ultimately able to fully map out
my whole brain using AI. I just don’t know what all stages are left or what
awaits me when they get there. However the thing is–I really don’t want to
stick around to find out.

My gut tells me there is definitely a microchip involved here–at least one.
I get the sense that the microchip is likely powered by my nervous system
and not reliant on a battery or electrical field. But I’m still narrowing
that down. I’ve also tied some of the noise the suspected microchip makes
to whenever I begin to move around or exert myself physically then it will
make some noise, I discovered that just yesterday. But I’m sure it’s
tunable and could be dependent on the surrounding environment. The
suspected microchip also seems to be able to make noise when I was just
driving down the freeway in my loaner car previously, which is when I
initially started to suspect a microchip because it started beeping so
freaking much at the time, meaning it also seems to have remote tracking
capabilities. One thing I might do is try to tap into it myself using RF/HF
signals, via something like the following, or at least listen to the
signals being sent in/out using something like the following myself:

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01H3T2U7G/ref=crt\_ewc\_title\_dp\_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1∣=A2JO7YP9I9Y3D6

https://worldbuilding.stackexchange.com/a/183591

But I think my best bet for right now is honestly to trust my instincts and
run. Nothing else I’ve done has worked more than just slowing these guys
down at best thus far. Maybe I should stop trying to get evidence on
them/stop trying to slow them down and start trying to save myself. I’ll be
able to find out more key info about this mysterious entity anyways at the
end of the day if I run as well.

I’d like to get away from my brother Dusty anyways–he’s scary. Like he
doesn’t seem to have a conscience. So he does fucked up stuff to people for
fun. He might have schizophrenia cuz he mainly seems to target his family
that I’m aware of—even if it is only through hired guns—that only makes him
even scarier.

Regardless, the only questions that remain is when to leave, how I’m going
to fund it, when my passport is going to show up in the mail, what I’m
going to do with my house and all my current responsibilities, where I plan
to initially run to, how I’m going to get there, where I’m going to reside
when I get there, and then what I’m going to do once I’m there.

As of December 31, 2021

What these people are doing with the feed from my brain to my eyes might
actually be caused by another variation of infrasound based on me
experiencing it last night while hearing the sound/feeling the
vibrations–which would be a relief if so. I don’t like the idea of my brain
being reprogrammed through a microchip after all. But yea, it could just be
infrasound at a different frequency/rhythm than the one that messed with my
heart previously. Infrasound is how your body controls your organs. So
infrasound in the environment could theoretically produce the results I was
describing with my eyes. I now suspect they essentially could be just
sending out their own infrasound using a combination of my house's
electricity, my house's duct work, whatever they installed in my house
previously, and when I shut off all my power, some external infrasound
source that isn’t quite as powerful–to give me that effect in my eyes. (It
happened again last night, last night it was pretty loud too—it was
seemingly shaking my whole room/shelter just depending on where they were
seemingly pointing it at the time)

I also have suspected for some time that they are capable of using sound to
act as sonar or radar, by triangulating it or something, allowing them to
map out any surrounding area in real time. (Hence why it seems to me to be
like some foreign government or something cuz who even has that capability?
That would be worth some money is all I’m saying) I suspect there’s still
something in my ear though that beeps regardless of where I’m located, but
it varies. Therefore I now suspect that thing in my ear to be primarily a
tracker microchip.

Most all the references I’ve been referring to throughout this entire
document should now be present somewhere in this google drive folder just
fyi. Some of the references were deleted, likely forever. Others might
could be dug up if I had a clean computer and enough time to devote to it.
I dunno if any of the references in any of these folders have been tampered
with or not, I’m scared to log in to some of my other accounts that are the
actual owners/editors of some of these google drive files/folders, the
folders linked to from within this folder, for any substantial amount of
time to add any more comments and to lay everything out in an intuitive way
that I could then add as clear references within this document for that
exact reason–to try and avoid anybody tampering with what I do already have
here. (That’s how I get around all the hacking at this time is simply by
never logging into certain key accounts lol and then referencing certain
google drive folders from my other google drive accounts like this one, and
by using physical security keys or yubikeys on all my accounts as 2fa, to
prevent them from being able to login to those accounts directly without me
doing it myself, etc)

I hope I’ve given you enough, I’ve honestly given it my all for some time
now–if you need something in particular just ask–but I think it’s about
time for me to try and make finding a better life elsewhere my main
priority. (You know, a life where I don’t have to worry about my life every
single day, a life where I don’t have to focus on all this bad shit that
happened in the past daily, and a life where I don’t have to sleep in a
faraday cage nightly, etc, etc)

It’s about to be a new year now, I’m hoping I can put all this behind me
and live a happier, more fulfilling life with less worries and less bad
shit happening to me this next year. 🤞 That’s my new years resolution
anyways. I’ll try and keep adding references going forward but it might be
a while cuz I don’t want to have to continue to devote all my time to it,
I’ve spent like the last 2-3 weeks primarily trying to get all my data in a
place to where I could actually reference any key parts of it that aren’t
already present here. (All my free time pretty much) And I haven’t even
gone through and indexed it all yet to pull out any key parts that aren’t
already here, let alone uploaded it all to this folder and subsequently
referenced it all within this document accordingly. (I’m referring to all
my raw phone/computer backups, slack comments which I don’t even have
access to right now, old emails from other accounts, just everything that
wasn’t already in this google drive folder–so it’s just been super time
consuming and difficult to do is all–but I did make good progress getting
it all to where I can now index it better, etc) Plus I feel it’s in my best
interest to move away to try and save myself while I still can, as stated
above. I feel I’ve already endured all this torture way longer than most
people would to try and help with justice. But if you need something in
particular just let me know. Text me on my google voice number, that one
seems to normally always work without interference/tampering for the most
part I think. (435) 261-2308 And that way it will make it a little easier
on me to get you only more specific things.

I hope to go back through and add some of the references to the things
already in this google drive folder probably tomorrow, so it doesn’t bleed
into the new year, just to make it a little easier on you, but please
recognize everything I have already done–it hasn’t been easy. This is
beginning to look like a freaking book now. Regardless, sorry for the delay.

I will likely still keep updating this as well with anything that happens
but likely not as frequently as I have been, I start work again on Monday
after all.. And I’m hoping it will stop once I move, I may end up moving at
any time too, once I figure out where I’m going, etc.

Regardless, thank you for reading. Thank you for your help as well, it’s
been a little better lately, at least in terms of them not stealing my
keys, not constantly breaking into my house, etc, etc. Happy new year!

Chase Gibbons  / Manager
435-999-4722

 
PO Box 747Logan, UT 84321
gfic.io 

[image: Twitter]  [image: Facebook]
 [image: LinkedIn]

